---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Takaichi Among Time's 100 Most Influential People
date: 2026-04-24 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Takaichi Among Time's 100 Most Influential People

Japanese Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi has been named in _Time_ magazine's list of the 100 most influential people in the world.

Every year, the magazine chooses 100 people for its list.

It says there is no one way to decide what makes a person "influential." But usually, the people have had a significant impact on the world during the last 12 months.

Takaichi was the only Japanese person on this year's list. Writing about her for the magazine, Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike said that Takaichi becoming prime minister was a big moment for equality in Japan.

Takaichi, who is now 65, became the country's first female prime minister in October 2025. She is the leader of the Liberal Democratic Party, known in Japan as the _Jiyu Minshuto_, or _Jiminto_ for short.

After becoming prime minister, Takaichi made the news around the world by saying she would "work, work, work, work and work" for her country.

With her approval around 60% in _NHK_ polls, she then led her party to a big win in February elections — a big change from her predecessor Shigeru Ishiba, whose approval had been below 40% before he resigned last year, opening the door to Takaichi.

There are a number of other world leaders on the _Time_ list, including US President Donald Trump, Chinese leader Xi Jinping, Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney and Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum.

There are also stars from the worlds of entertainment and sports, as well as doctors and AI innovators — and even YouTubers like MrBeast.

Many on the list come from the US, but K-pop star Jennie from Blackpink is also included, as well as Netumbo Nandi-Ndaitwah, who became Namibia's first female president last year.

english | chinse 
 ------- | ------ 
influential | 有影响力

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/takaichi-among-times-100-most-influential-people/5CccdD0GEfGB7Uvt7cC0uQ](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/takaichi-among-times-100-most-influential-people/5CccdD0GEfGB7Uvt7cC0uQ)