---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 The World's 10 Most Overrated Tourist Attractions
date: 2026-04-15 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# The World's 10 Most Overrated Tourist Attractions

One of the most famous things in Copenhagen is a statue called The Little Mermaid.

It's a place that many first-time visitors make sure they see when they get to the Danish capital.

It's a beautiful statue that looks out over the water.

But it has just been named among the world's most overrated tourist attractions.

That's not because the statue is ugly. It's because it's just a statue by the water — there's nothing else to see. It's also a lot smaller than some people expect it to be.

The list of overrated attractions was made by a US betting company. It looked at the language that people used when writing reviews on the website TripAdvisor.

It looked for words like "disappointing" or "overrated," and looked at how often people used these words in their reviews.

It also looked at how many stars people gave each attraction. On TripAdvisor, visitors can rank destinations, giving five stars to the best places, while one star is the worst a place can get.

The world's most overrated destination, according to the list, is a place called Besakih Temple on the Indonesian island of Bali.

This is said to be Bali's most sacred temple. But visitors often described it as a "tourist trap." The reviews also said that it's expensive to enter, and there are lots of people trying to sell things to tourists.

Also on the list are Warwick Castle in the UK, the floating village of Kampong Phluk in Cambodia, and the Hollywood Walk of Fame in California.

So maybe you shouldn't expect too much if you visit these places. But perhaps you've already been to some of them and you loved them!

english   | chinse      
 -- | -- 
attraction | 景点
trap | 陷阱

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/the-worlds-10-most-overrated-tourist-attractions/Wihl1jHqEfGaRPMKTgxClA](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/the-worlds-10-most-overrated-tourist-attractions/Wihl1jHqEfGaRPMKTgxClA)