---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Cost of Raising a Child in US is $300,000 — Study
date: 2026-05-01 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Cost of Raising a Child in US is $300,000 — Study

Raising a child from birth to the age of 18 could cost the average family more than $300,000 in the US.

That's according to estimates made by the US company LendingTree.

The cost of having children is often one of the things that people worry about when they are planning a family.

LendingTree said that the cost of raising a child is only increasing.

It used data from a number of different sources to find out about the cost of things like child care, clothes, housing and food.

It also looked at the tax benefits that parents get from the government.

It estimated that the average annual cost of raising a child in the US is a little over $16,800.

This is an increase of more than $3,600 since 2023.

The first five years of a child's life are the most expensive, according to these estimates. LendingTree said the average annual cost during these years is a little more than $29,000.

That falls to about $12,000 per year for the next 13 years.

However, the estimates don't include the cost of university, which many families help their children with.

In parts of the world, people are choosing not to have children because of the high cost. Birth rates are falling in many countries, including the US.

LendingTree said that it's a good idea to start saving before you have a child. It added that people should make sure they get all the benefits they can from their workplace and from the government.

 english      | chinese 
 ------------ | ------- 
 raise | 增加
It estimated that the average annual cost of raising a child in the US is a little over $16,800.   | 它估计在美国抚养一个孩子的平均年成本略高于 16,800 美元。

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/cost-of-raising-a-child-in-us-is-300000-study/OU58OELjEfG7bh-aN0x8rg](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/cost-of-raising-a-child-in-us-is-300000-study/OU58OELjEfG7bh-aN0x8rg)