---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 UK Bans Tobacco for Anyone Born After 2008
date: 2026-04-29 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# UK Bans Tobacco for Anyone Born After 2008

The UK has approved a law banning children aged 17 and under from ever buying tobacco.

The country hopes to have a "smoke-free generation."

Under the new law, anyone born on or after January 1, 2009, will never be able to buy tobacco in the UK.

Smoking itself will not become illegal. Anyone who is old enough to buy tobacco now will still be able to buy it in the future. But the legal age to buy cigarettes will increase each year.

By 2036, the legal age will be 28. By 2046, it will be 38.

Vaping will also be banned in some public places, including playgrounds and cars with children.

This law has been talked about since 2024, and many people are happy that it has been approved.

According to _The Guardian_, smoking causes around 400,000 hospital visits and 64,000 deaths in England each year.

The government said the law will save lives and improve the health of people in the UK.

Some people don't agree with the ban, saying what's really needed is better education that stops people from starting smoking.

The UK is not the first country to try this idea. New Zealand approved a similar law in 2022, which banned anyone born after 2008 from buying tobacco.

But this law was later changed back, with one worry being that it could increase illegal tobacco sales.

 english      | chinese 
 ------------ | ------- 
illegal | 非法
Vaping | 电子烟

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/uk-bans-tobacco-for-anyone-born-after-2008/IDEyWD9HEfG96BcF23ASEA](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/uk-bans-tobacco-for-anyone-born-after-2008/IDEyWD9HEfG96BcF23ASEA)