---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 Sony to Increase PS5 Price for Second Time in a Year
date:   2026-04-04 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# Sony to Increase PS5 Price for Second Time in a Year

The price of a PlayStation 5 is going up by another $100 — the second price increase in less than a year for Sony's popular gaming console.

The Japanese company said the reason for the increase is "continued pressures in the global economic landscape."

As of April 2, the PS5 will cost $649.99 in the US. The price for its digital edition, which doesn't have a disc drive, will also go up by $100, to $599.99. The PS5 Pro will cost $899.99, a $150 increase.

Other regions, including the UK, Europe and Japan, will see similar increases.

Sony increased the price for the PlayStation by $50 just last August due to the impacts of US-imposed tariffs.

Global trade continues to be affected by those tariffs, and the war in Iran has also created a massive bottleneck of energy and manufacturing supplies, creating more price pressures for everyday goods, including electronics.

"We know that price changes impact our community, and after careful evaluation, we found this was a necessary step to ensure we can continue delivering innovative, high-quality gaming experiences to players worldwide," Sony said in a blog post on its website.

Online, gamers were horrified by the news, especially as the console was first released in November 2020. One user commenting on YouTube said that things used to get cheaper the older they got. Another described the new pricing as "ridiculous."

Last month, Sony reported that its profit in the quarter from October to December surged 11% to around $2.4 billion. That prompted the company to raise its profit forecast for the full fiscal year through March 2026 to $7.2 billion.

Rival company Microsoft raised prices for its Xbox gaming consoles last September.

english | chinse
-- | --
Second Time in a Year | 一年内第二次
bottleneck | 瓶颈
horrified | 震惊
surge | to increase suddenly and greatly 飙升
rival | 对手