---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Why Are Thai Restaurants So Common Around the World?
date: 2026-04-23 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Why Are Thai Restaurants So Common Around the World?

Have you ever wondered why there are so many Thai restaurants around the world?

The US, for example, had over 5,000 Thai restaurants in 2018, according to _Vice_. But 2019 data from the Pew Research Center shows that there were fewer than 350,000 Thai people in the country — so that's about one Thai restaurant for every 64 Thai people.

The number of restaurants isn't just the result of popularity: The Thai government is paying for it.

In 1990, according to _The Wall Street Journal_, Thailand started training chefs and sending them to different parts of the world.

And in 2001, the government created the "Global Thai Restaurant Company," with the goal of opening 3,000 Thai restaurants around the world. The government hoped to use the restaurants to increase exports and encourage people to visit Thailand.

The government even made three restaurant plans to help investors open new restaurants: "Elephant Jump" for fast food, "Cool Basil" for mid-priced restaurants, and "Golden Leaf" for more expensive restaurants.

In 2002, Thailand's Ministry of Public Health published a book, _A Manual for Thai Chefs Going Abroad_, to help people open successful restaurants outside of Thailand.

The Thai government has even made agreements with different countries.

New Zealand, for example, has a special visa for Thai chefs, allowing them to work in the country for up to four years.

According to _Vice_, there were over 15,000 Thai restaurants around the world by 2018, up from about 5,500 in the early 2000s. The government is now focusing on introducing Thai food to new areas such as the Middle East.

english | chinse 
 ------- | ------ 
wondered | 想知道

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/why-are-thai-restaurants-so-common-around-the-world/zXlZaiS5Ee2vj7OAJuh0Og](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/why-are-thai-restaurants-so-common-around-the-world/zXlZaiS5Ee2vj7OAJuh0Og)