---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 A Repetitive Diet Could Help with Weight Loss
date: 2026-04-13 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# A Repetitive Diet Could Help with Weight Loss

Eating the same meals every day can get boring very quickly, but according to a new study it could help people lose a little bit of weight.

Researchers in the US wanted to find out if following a dietary routine could affect weight loss.

More than 100 overweight people who were taking part in a weight loss program were asked to keep track of their meals and their calorie intake. They also weighed themselves daily.

Using this information, the researchers measured how much people's dietary routines changed from day to day over a 12-week period.

They did this partly by looking at how much each person's calorie intake fluctuated daily and between weekdays and weekends.

They also looked at how often the participants ate the same meals or snacks. For example, some people might have eaten a bowl of noodles with pork three times per week for dinner, while others might have chosen a different meal for each dinner.

The study found that people who ate many of the same foods, instead of eating a wide variety of different things, lost 5.9% of their body weight during the study period.

Those who had more varied diets lost 4.3% of their body weight.

The study also found that eating a similar amount of calories each day was linked to better weight loss results.

These results may be a little surprising, but the researchers said they weren't able to prove that eating a similar diet each day was the reason for the increased weight loss.

However, they added that dieting can be difficult and perhaps following a repetitive routine in which certain meals are rotated might help some people to make healthier choices, even if they're not getting a whole lot of variety.

 english   | chinse      
 -- | -- 
intake | 摄入量/摄取量
fluctuate | 波动/起伏
repetitive | 重复的/反复的
dietary | 饮食

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/a-repetitive-diet-could-help-with-weight-loss/zP6RPjShEfGIxCe2Pjq-Sw](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/a-repetitive-diet-could-help-with-weight-loss/zP6RPjShEfGIxCe2Pjq-Sw)