---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 A 'Boring' Routine Could Be Good for Your Health
date: 2026-04-21 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# A 'Boring' Routine Could Be Good for Your Health

Do you sometimes feel like every day is the same? You wake up, eat the same breakfast, get the same coffee from the same shop, go to work, come home, watch TV and go to sleep. Then you do the same thing the next day.

Some people think this is really boring. But others say routines like this can be good for our health.

Having a routine means we don't have many decisions to make in a day.

Making decisions can be tiring. And it's not just big decisions — even small decisions can use our energy. For example, we use energy thinking about what to wear, or what to eat for breakfast.

When we have a routine and don't have to make these decisions, we have more energy to do other things, experts say.

Having a routine can also mean we go to sleep at about the same time every night. This is really good for our health too.

Of course, life can be unpredictable. But if we have a routine for many things, it gives us something calm we can go back to after something unpredictable happens.

Routines may not work for all of us, and some people like life to be unpredictable. But for others, a "boring" routine is just what they need!

 english | chinse 
 ------- | ------ 
Of course, life can be unpredictable. But if we have a routine for many things, it gives us something calm we can go back to after something unpredictable happens.   | 当然，生活可能无法预测。但如果我们对许多事情都有规律，那么在发生不可预测的事情后，我们就有了一种可以回归的平静。
Routines may not work for all of us, and some people like life to be unpredictable. But for others, a "boring" routine is just what they need!  | 例行公事可能并不适用于所有人，有些人喜欢生活充满不确定性。但对另一些人来说，“无聊”的例行公事正是他们所需要的！

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/a-boring-routine-could-be-good-for-your-health/XTQhNDggEfGy0KNjP3B99w](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/a-boring-routine-could-be-good-for-your-health/XTQhNDggEfGy0KNjP3B99w)