---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 How to Fix a Dish That's Too Salty
date: 2026-04-16 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# How to Fix a Dish That's Too Salty

Have you ever added too much salt to a dish while cooking? Here are some things you can try the next time it happens.

## Add more liquid

The easiest way to fix things like soups and stews that are too salty is to dilute them by adding more water. You might lose a little bit of flavor from the other ingredients, but you can always put some extra spices in if you need to.

If the recipe includes milk or cream, you could add more of them too. However, they can change the taste of a dish even more than just extra water, so don't use too much.

## Try some lemon

It won't take the saltiness out of the dish completely, but a bit of lemon juice can help to balance the taste. You could also use vinegar, but be careful not to use too much of it either, or you might have a dish that tastes even worse!

## Don't use potatoes

A lot of people think that adding a potato to a soup or stew for about 30 minutes will soak up the extra salt. But when writer Robert Wolke tried it for his book, _What Einstein Told His Cook_, it didn't work. While the potatoes did soak up some of the salty liquid, what was left in the pan was just as salty as before.

## Do double the recipe

So potatoes alone won't take the extra salt out of a dish. But if you have enough ingredients, why not just double the recipe without doubling the salt? You can keep what you don't eat in the fridge for another day.

english   | chinse      
 -- | -- 
liquid | 液体
ingredients | 食材
stew | 炖菜
soak | 吸收
what was left in the pan was just as salty as before | 但留在锅里的仍然和之前一样咸

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/how-to-fix-a-dish-thats-too-salty/IsaUwnLmEeyPI2tT375sxw](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/how-to-fix-a-dish-thats-too-salty/IsaUwnLmEeyPI2tT375sxw)