---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Seoul Named World's 'Most Walkable City'
date: 2026-05-02 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Seoul Named World's 'Most Walkable City'

The South Korean capital of Seoul has been named the world's most walkable city by _Time Out_.

The website spoke to city residents all over the world and asked them how easy and safe it is to walk around where they live. The list was based on the highest percentage of people who said their city is either "amazing" or "good" for walkers.

In Seoul, this was 93% of residents.

Seoul is a really big place — by area it's Asia's 11th biggest city.

But although it's very big, residents say it's a good place to walk. That might be because of things like Seoullo 7017, an old highway overpass that the city turned into a public park and walkway.

For those who have a bit more energy, the 11-kilometer Cheonggyecheon Stream walkway links some of the city's busiest metro stations and popular areas.

The good thing about both these walkways is that they're away from the busy city traffic, which makes them safe places for pedestrians.

Edinburgh in Scotland came next in the _Time Out_ list. It's a much smaller city than Seoul, with cobbled streets and old buildings in its center.

Over 90% of residents surveyed said Edinburgh is good for walkers. The city also has lots of hills, which could also keep people fit!

New York was third in the list, while Copenhagen in Denmark was fourth. The rest of the top-10 most walkable cities are in Europe, apart from Singapore which came in eighth place.

Countries around the world are being encouraged to make their cities more walkable. Walking is great for health, and when more people walk, there are likely to be fewer cars on the roads, which is good for the planet.

 english      | chinese 
 ------------ | ------- 