---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 The Best Time to Exercise Depends on Your Body Clock
date: 2026-04-20 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# The Best Time to Exercise Depends on Your Body Clock

When is the best time to exercise?

Science has been asking this question for years. Some studies have found that exercising in the morning may help your body burn more fat, while evening exercise may help you build strength.

But what if there is no single best time — and the answer is different for everyone?

Everyone has a different body clock that decides when they feel tired or full of energy. Some people wake up early and feel great in the morning, while others feel tired at first but have more energy later in the day.

This difference is called your "chronotype." And a new study says that matching your exercise time to your chronotype can improve your health.

As part of the study, 134 adults exercised regularly for several months.

While everyone became fitter, the people who worked out at the "right" time for their bodies saw bigger benefits. They slept better, had lower blood pressure and showed healthier blood sugar levels.

And as well as being better for your health, matching your chronotype can also help with consistency.

For example, if you're someone who is more active at night, trying to make yourself exercise early in the morning may feel difficult. And over time, this can make it harder to keep up the habit.

This is important, because experts say what matters most is exercising regularly — and even short sessions done regularly can be more effective than longer sessions done only once in a while.

So for most people, it doesn't necessarily matter if you exercise in the morning or later in the day. What matters is finding the time that feels best for you — and being consistent with it!

 english | chinse 
 ------- | ------ 
 chronotype | 生物钟类型
 regularly | 经常 
 regular | 正常 
 consistency | 一致性 
 necessarily | 必然性 
 and over time | 随着时间的推移