---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Night Moves: The Mystery of Sleepwalking
date: 2026-04-22 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Night Moves: The Mystery of Sleepwalking

Search for "sleepwalking" online and many of the results are news stories about governments, organizations and people moving, or living, without thinking too much.

For example, you might read about governments "sleepwalking into a crisis" and people "sleepwalking through their 30s" — they're not asleep at all, but they're not aware.

So, is this what real sleepwalking — also called somnambulism — is actually like?

Well, somnambulism is a bit of a mystery — not a complete mystery, but there is a lot more that scientists would like to know.

It is when someone walks or does complex activities — even including things like driving a car — while they are asleep.

It usually happens during deep sleep earlier in the night, according to the UK's National Health Service, and it is more common in children — around one in five may sleepwalk at least once.

One of the things that make somnambulism difficult to research is that not many adults are sleepwalkers. And those who do sleepwalk often don't remember leaving their beds in the night.

Scientists still don't know exactly what causes sleepwalking, although research has shown that not getting enough sleep can increase the chances of it happening.

So too can drinking too much alcohol, taking drugs and feelings of stress and anxiety.

While the idea of sleepwalking may seem funny — seeing someone who may even have their eyes open and who looks to be both awake and in a deep sleep at the same time — it can be very dangerous.

A study of 60 adult sleepwalkers from 2005 reported that 30% of them had hurt themselves or others during sleepwalking.

english | chinse 
 ------- | ------ 
Night Moves | 夜行者
mystery | 神秘

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/night-moves-the-mystery-of-sleepwalking/AwqpDlU4Ee2l0CPhxFv36g](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/night-moves-the-mystery-of-sleepwalking/AwqpDlU4Ee2l0CPhxFv36g)