---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Toddlers Enjoy Giving More than Receiving — Study
date: 2026-04-17 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Toddlers Enjoy Giving More than Receiving — Study

It is often said that "it is better to give than to receive." In other words, you get more pleasure from giving something to someone else than from receiving something.

We may think this is something we develop over time as we get older and more mature. But according to a new study, even very young children feel happier when giving than when receiving.

Researchers in Canada said their study of 134 toddlers was the "largest and youngest" group ever studied.

The children, aged between 16 months and 24 months, took part in a treat-giving game with a monkey puppet. Each child was given a bowl of eight treats, and a researcher told the child that the monkey liked treats.

First, they were asked to give one of their treats to the monkey, who said "Oh, yum, yum, yum."

Next, the researcher "found" an extra treat and asked the child to give it to the monkey.

Then, the researcher "found" another extra treat and just gave it to the monkey.

Finally, the researcher "found" one more treat and gave it to the child.

Videos of the children's faces were used to observe how happy they appeared in each situation.

It was found that the children showed greater happiness when giving a treat than when receiving one. And they were just as happy giving the monkey one of their own treats as they were sharing an extra treat the researcher "found."

The children also showed more happiness when they saw the researcher give the monkey a treat, compared to when they received a treat themselves.

This suggests that even young children get satisfaction from seeing other people's needs met, the study authors wrote. And this may be how humans start to learn how to cooperate!

english   | chinse      
 -- | -- 
 toddlers |  幼儿
 puppet | 木偶
 cooperate | 合作

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/toddlers-enjoy-giving-more-than-receiving-study/mH-X2DeEEfG4AkfeDLRYrA](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/toddlers-enjoy-giving-more-than-receiving-study/mH-X2DeEEfG4AkfeDLRYrA)