---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Why Japan's Golden Week Is Golden
date: 2026-04-27 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Why Japan's Golden Week Is Golden

What's your favorite time of year?

For many people in Japan, the answer might be: "Golden Week"!

Golden Week is a string of four public holidays that occur at the end of April and the beginning of May. These holidays are: Showa Day on April 29, Constitution Day on May 3, Greenery Day on May 4 and Children's Day on May 5.

In Japan, when a public holiday falls on a Sunday, there's a rule that the next working day will become a holiday in its place. So this year, because Constitution Day falls on a Sunday, May 6 becomes a holiday. That means any workers who normally have a full weekend off work can enjoy a five-day holiday this year!

Golden Week is one of the most popular times to travel in Japan, which means highways and trains can be very crowded at the beginning and end of the holiday. Popular tourist sites will also be crowded, and hotels and airlines will raise their prices.

And if you want to travel in Japan during this period, you need to book everything very early!

Although everyone in Japan calls this holiday period "Golden Week," that is not an official name. It seems Japanese film companies may have created the name in the 1950s, when they noticed more people coming to movie theaters during the holiday period.

There are two other important holiday periods in Japan: the New Year's period and Obon, which is a summer festival in honor of one's ancestors. During these holidays, people generally travel to their hometowns and spend time with parents or grandparents.

But during Golden Week there's no special obligation to spend time with distant family members, so people are free to travel wherever they like.

And unlike the cold of New Year's or the hot and humid weather during Obon, Japan's weather is at its best during Golden Week: mild, pleasant and perfect for outdoor activities!

english | chinese 
 ------- | ------ 
in honor of  | 为纪念
ancestor  | 祖先
obligation | 义务
distant |  远的
mild | 温和的

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/why-japans-golden-week-is-golden/grQJJjzEEfG6B_tXY38KzA](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/why-japans-golden-week-is-golden/grQJJjzEEfG6B_tXY38KzA)