---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 35% of Americans Try to 'Prevent' Aging
date:   2026-04-08 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# 35% of Americans Try to 'Prevent' Aging

Getting older is a part of life — but some people are trying to change that. According to a new survey, more than one-third of Americans are trying to prevent or slow down aging.

Survey company YouGov asked people in the US how they feel about getting older, including how important it is to them to prevent the signs of aging.

While 31% said that preventing the signs of aging is not very important to them, 35% said they think it's really important. YouGov described the people in this group as "aging preventers."

Aging preventers are much more likely to spend money to help themselves look younger, YouGov found.

Almost one in five people in this group said they spend more than $50 per month on skin care, supplements or anti-aging products.

By comparison, just 2% of those who don't believe it's important to prevent the signs of aging spend more than $50 per month on these products — possibly for other reasons.

Some people spend very large amounts of money on helping themselves look — or feel — young.

Online, there are influencers who have become very well known for their anti-aging hacks.

Among the most famous of these influencers is a man named Bryan Johnson, who spends millions of dollars on supplements, treatments and scans to help himself stay young. In fact, he has previously said that his goal is: "Don't die."

Most people aren't spending the same amounts of time and money to prevent aging, but the anti-aging industry is now said to be worth more than $55 billion.

And experts think that the industry will keep growing.

english | chinse
-- | --
prevent | 预防
aging | 衰老
described | 描述
possibly for other reasons | 或许还有其他原因
influencers | 影响者

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/35-of-americans-try-to-prevent-aging/CcK8ci89EfG9CFMhUsspEg](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/35-of-americans-try-to-prevent-aging/CcK8ci89EfG9CFMhUsspEg)