---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Boomers to Gen Z Talking About Generations
date: 2026-04-30 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Boomers to Gen Z: Talking About Generations

"OK Boomer" is used on social media when a younger person wants to call someone from an older generation old-fashioned. But where does it come from and what do English speakers call other generations?

After World War II, many countries had a big increase of children being born, also known as a "baby boom" — and people of this generation are called "baby boomers."

While there is no general agreement on when this — or any — generation begins or ends, Pew Research Center, which is used as a standard by many news organizations, says baby boomers are those born between 1946 and 1964.

"Generation X," or just "Gen X," are those born from 1965 to 1980, according to Pew.

Millennials are people born between 1981 and 1996. Pew says members of this generation came of age during the explosion of the internet, and had to adapt to things like social media while they were growing up and entering adulthood.

After millennials, we have "Generation Z" — also called "Gen Z" — which Pew describes as people born between 1997 and 2012. Unlike earlier generations, this group has never known a world without the internet, smartphones and social media.

They're also the generation that started saying "OK Boomer" — often using it for anyone aged over 30 that they don't agree with!

The oldest Gen Z members are now adults, and the generation after them is Generation Alpha. They too will have their own opinions and new ideas, and might even say "OK Boomer" when they want to call a Gen Zer old-fashioned.

 english      | chinese 
 ------------ | ------- 
 boomer | 流行词
 explosion | 爆炸性的成长
 opinions | 意见

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/boomers-to-gen-z-talking-about-generations/76nawEqlEe2uB2dBoLwJRQ](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/boomers-to-gen-z-talking-about-generations/76nawEqlEe2uB2dBoLwJRQ)