---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 How to Help Remote Workers Feel Connected
date:   2026-04-09 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

How to Help Remote Workers Feel Connected

The coronavirus pandemic led to a lot of people working from home. And while many have now gone back to the office, some still do remote work.

There are a lot of good things about remote work. But being out of the office can also lead to bosses and workers feeling disconnected.

So what can companies do to make remote workers feel more connected?

Dustin Johnson is a boss at a US software company Seeq. He told Forbes that companies need to give new remote workers a mentor from the day they start work. This can help make the new worker feel more connected.

Communication is important too. Some bosses like to have short meetings with their remote workers at the start of every day. Others say it's better to have fewer meetings and trust people to do their jobs.

The learning company Moodle says meetings are important, but they don't need to be about work. Remote workers can meet online to talk about other things, like books or food.

Things like this can help boost staff morale and make people feel that they're working in a team, even if they're situated far away from each other.

It's also a good idea to make time to praise workers, Moodle says. This is something that can be forgotten when workers are not together in an office.

And there's one more thing bosses can do to help workers feel more connected: ask them to come back to the office! But that might not be a very popular idea!

english | chinse
-- | --
but they don't need to be about work | 但它们不一定与工作有关。
situated | 位于
morale | 道德
boost | 促进 (to increase or improve something,提升或改善某些东西)
praise | 赞美

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/how-to-help-remote-workers-feel-connected/79zMLC6WEfGYvduvz3VafQ](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/how-to-help-remote-workers-feel-connected/79zMLC6WEfGYvduvz3VafQ)