---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Experts Urge YouTube to Limit AI for Kids[可以复习]
date: 2026-04-12 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Experts Urge YouTube to Limit AI for Kids

More than 200 experts, schools and children's advocacy groups have called on YouTube to prohibit young users from seeing AI-generated content.

In a joint letter sent at the start of April, they urged YouTube to prohibit AI-generated videos from being shown on the YouTube Kids app, and in content aimed at children on the main YouTube platform.

They also asked for YouTube to introduce a switch to allow parents to turn off AI-generated content for kids. It called on YouTube to take "swift action to protect children on its platforms."

The letter was addressed to Sundar Pichai, who is the CEO of Google — which owns YouTube — and to Neal Mohan, who is the CEO of YouTube.

In the letter, the experts shared their "serious concern" about the large number of AI-generated videos on YouTube and YouTube Kids.

Low-quality AI-made videos are known as "AI slop." Creators can make these videos easily and cheaply, and make money from them. But experts warn that creators often don't pay much attention to accuracy or quality when creating content like this.

The letter said that these videos can harm children's development by "distorting their sense of reality," grabbing their attention and increasing the time they spend online.

This also denies them the opportunity to spend time doing offline activities, which are "necessary for their healthy development," the letter said.

It added that "YouTube is participating in this uncontrolled experiment by pushing AI-generated content without research demonstrating its benefits."

YouTube's algorithms frequently direct children to AI-generated content even when they have initially chosen content that is not AI-generated, the letter said.

Mohan, YouTube's CEO, said in January that "managing AI slop" was one of the company's priorities for 2026.

The company has also said that not all AI-generated content is low quality, and that AI can be used to make useful, educational videos.

In response to the letter, a company spokesperson said: "We have high standards for the content in YouTube Kids, including limiting AI-generated content in the app to a small set of high-quality channels."

 english   | chinse      
 -- | -- 
 advocacy  |  倡导/宣传/倡导活动 
 urge      |  催促/敦促      
 addressed | 已解决 
 concern | 忧虑 

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/experts-urge-youtube-to-limit-ai-for-kids/nAEaajGMEfGEUaOEYTY9nw](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/experts-urge-youtube-to-limit-ai-for-kids/nAEaajGMEfGEUaOEYTY9nw)
