---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 OpenAI Shuts Down Viral Video-Making App Sora
date:   2026-03-26 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# OpenAI Shuts Down Viral Video-Making App Sora

OpenAI is shutting down its social media app Sora, which went viral last fall as a place to share short-form videos generated by artificial intelligence — but also raised alarms in Hollywood and elsewhere.

OpenAI said in a brief social media message on March 24 that it was "saying goodbye to the Sora app." It added that it would share more information soon about how to preserve what users already created on the app.

"What you made with Sora mattered, and we know this news is disappointing," the post on X read.

The company behind ChatGPT released Sora in September. The app allowed users to create short-form videos from text prompts, images or existing videos. Users could choose different styles for their videos, and include real people — including themselves — or AI-generated characters.

But a growing chorus of concern from advocacy groups, academics and experts about the dangers of letting people create AI videos on just about anything they can type into a prompt, leading to the proliferation of nonconsensual images and realistic deepfakes in a sea of less harmful "AI slop."

OpenAI was forced to crack down on AI creations of public figures — among them, Michael Jackson, Martin Luther King Jr. and Mister Rogers — after an outcry from family estates and an actors' union.

The announcement comes just three months after Disney signed a three-year deal with OpenAI to bring more than 200 of its characters to Sora.

Disney said in a statement that it respects "OpenAI's decision to exit the video generation business and to shift its priorities elsewhere."

"We appreciate the constructive collaboration between our teams and what we learned from it, and we will continue to engage with AI platforms to find new ways to meet fans where they are while responsibly embracing new technologies that respect IP and the rights of creators," Disney's statement said.

This change will not affect image-creating tools on ChatGPT, OpenAI said.

english | chinse
-- | --
went | 去了
brief | 简短
preserve | 保存

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/openai-shuts-down-viral-video-making-app-sora/UeHE2Cg8EfGYZFuWeHR94g](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/openai-shuts-down-viral-video-making-app-sora/UeHE2Cg8EfGYZFuWeHR94g)