---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 The Science of Making New Friends 
date:   2026-03-30 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# The Science of Making New Friends

Having friends is important for our well-being. Unfortunately, it's not always easy to make new ones, especially as an adult.

Big life changes like getting a new job, moving house or becoming a parent can really change what someone's social life looks like, making it harder to meet new people.

Happily, research is giving us a better understanding of how people make and keep friends. So here are some ways to grow your social circle — supported by science!
Show up

Showing up and being around people is the best way to make friends.

One study followed 235 children and their friendships from the third to fifth grade in elementary school. The researchers found that children sitting beside or near each other were far more likely to be friends than those who didn't sit close together.

For adults, this means that finding ways to be around others consistently is important — like joining a club, a gym or anything else where you find people with similar interests.
Be confident

This may not be easy to do, but you're more likely to make friends if you're confident and think people like you.

Research has found that people often underestimate how much the strangers they meet like them. And this matters, because when we think people like us, we are often warmer and friendlier, which in turn makes us more likable!
Invest in people

You've met people you like and they like you back. Great! Now, you need to invest some time and effort to grow those friendships. As they say, "You have to be a friend to make a friend."

Make regular plans, and have small catch-ups too — even just a short "How are you?" text message, or sharing a meme. Getting to know each other and showing you care like this will bring you closer, building a strong friendship.

english | chinse
-- | --
consistently

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/the-science-of-making-new-friends/Dj0UZChsEfGj-FMFFlsGRQ](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/the-science-of-making-new-friends/Dj0UZChsEfGj-FMFFlsGRQ)