---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 Don't Want to Do It? Too Bad — You've Been 'Voluntold'!
date:   2026-03-18 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

Don't Want to Do It? Too Bad — You've Been 'Voluntold'!

Have you ever been "voluntold" to do something at work? The answer to this question is probably "yes."

"Voluntold" is a combination of the words "volunteer" and "told." Forbes says it's a term used to describe a situation where you're "volunteered" to take on extra responsibilities at work, but really you have no choice.

So you're not volunteering at all, even if your boss suggests that you are!

A new survey of 2,000 workers in the US found that 78% of them have been voluntold to take on extra work in the last year.

Talker Research, the company that did the survey, said these people have been given new responsibilities they didn't apply for or agree to do, but they were expected to do them anyway.

In fact, 12% of workers said they had been voluntold to do something in the last 24 hours!

Most people who have taken on such extra responsibilities said these tasks weren't in their job descriptions. More than half of the people surveyed said they didn't feel qualified to do them.

And 17% of the time, the new tasks were made out to be temporary, but were actually permanent.

Talker Research said the problem is that companies don't have enough workers. This was the most common reason people gave to explain why they had been asked to take on more work.

But looking at the survey results, companies need to be careful about overloading their employees.

A large number of people said their mental health has been affected by their growing responsibilities.

Others said they have thought about leaving their job because of the extra tasks they've been given.

english | chinse
-- | --
Voluntold | 自愿

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/dont-want-to-do-it-too-bad-youve-been-voluntold/70pyUh5FEfGhiCMB-R5CRQ](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/dont-want-to-do-it-too-bad-youve-been-voluntold/70pyUh5FEfGhiCMB-R5CRQ)