---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 Why People Travel the World to Watch Sports
date:   2026-03-29 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# Why People Travel the World to Watch Sports

This summer, the men's soccer World Cup is taking place in North America. People from all around the world will be attending.

But according to a new YouGov survey, a lot of tourists who plan trips to watch sports aren't just doing it to support their teams.

In fact, they may not be going to support a team at all.

YouGov found that the most common reason that people take a trip to watch sports is to "experience the atmosphere and excitement" of a live sports event.

Forty-five percent of people gave this as a reason for going on a trip like this. Participants could choose more than one option, and 40% said they travel to support their team, while 37% go for "the love of the sport."

Sports tourism is a big industry. People are happy to pay a lot of money to attend major events in their own countries or even far from home.

But some fans get irritated when they see tourists at their team's games.

For example, Premier League soccer in England is very popular around the world, so a lot of tourists in the country attend matches. Some tourists are big soccer fans, but others are there just to experience the atmosphere and take photos.

Some long-time Premier League fans have said that they don't like this. They've also said that clubs may increase ticket prices to make money from tourists, which could make attending games more expensive for regular fans.

However, others think encouraging tourists to attend sports events makes a lot of sense. It's a good way of making money and growing the popularity of a sport or a club.

So while some fans complain, sports tourism is likely to keep growing.

english | chinse
-- | --
atmosphere | 氛围
excitement | 兴奋
irritate | 烦躁

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/why-people-travel-the-world-to-watch-sports/0HqwvieFEfGDYv-oepOY2Q](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/why-people-travel-the-world-to-watch-sports/0HqwvieFEfGDYv-oepOY2Q)