---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 One in Three Afraid to Travel Solo, Survey Finds  
date:   2026-03-17 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# One in Three Afraid to Travel Solo, Survey Finds

Have you ever taken a trip without friends or family? For many people, the idea might feel a little awkward — but for others, it's a freeing experience.

A new survey asked 2,000 US adults about different activities, and whether they prefer doing them alone or with others. The survey was done by Talker Research for travel company Road Scholar.

Many of the survey questions focused on solo travel. And the results showed that nearly a third of people are afraid to travel by themselves. They said that what mostly worries them is walking alone at night, using public transport in a foreign country, and staying somewhere unfamiliar.

However, many participants who have never solo traveled said they are curious about it. When asked why, 33% said they feel it could help their personal growth, while others said it could help them learn more about themselves and become more confident.

These feelings were also shared by participants who have solo traveled before, with 29% saying their solo trip made them more independent.

And although solo traveling isn't always easy, 70% of people who have solo traveled said they would do it again.

While some people simply enjoy traveling alone, others often go on solo trips because they don't have people to go with — perhaps because of different budgets or schedules. According to Talker Research, the average person misses two trips a year because they can't find someone to travel with.

The survey also asked about other solo activities. It found that 31% of participants wouldn't want to go to a concert alone, while nearly a third said they don't even like driving alone.

english | chinse
-- | --
awkward | 尴尬

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/one-in-three-afraid-to-travel-solo-survey-finds/NFvQTh1kEfGPlYutlkEtjw](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/one-in-three-afraid-to-travel-solo-survey-finds/NFvQTh1kEfGPlYutlkEtjw)
