---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 Stressed at Work? Try Stepping Outside!
date:   2026-03-27 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# Stressed at Work? Try Stepping Outside!

Busy day? Too many emails? You might feel like you need a long holiday.

But actually, going outside might be enough. Research has shown that spending even a little time in nature during the day can reduce work stress.

It's well known that work-related stress affects mental health. And for about three-quarters of adults, this stress is severe enough to affect daily function, according to researchers from Cornell University in New York state.

These researchers wanted to build on existing research that has found the positive impacts that spending time outside can have on work-related stress.

They also wanted to look at what factors might stop people from spending time in nature, especially in workplaces that could cause higher stress levels.

The researchers studied workers during and after the COVID-19 pandemic. They looked at how often people spent time in nature both when working from home and after returning to the office.

They found that people spent more time in nature when they worked from home, often as a way to help with their stress.

But they spent less time outdoors after returning to the office because of things like busy schedules and long commutes. The researchers also found workplace culture to be a factor, with some people feeling like it wasn't acceptable to spend time away from their desks.

According to the research team, work-related stress could be costing US employers up to $187 billion a year in lost productivity and health care costs — so it's in their interest to do something about this!

The team said one way employers can help is by supporting short outdoor breaks and creating spaces where people can work outside.

"Spending even five minutes in natural outdoor environments helps lower stress and anxiety," said Gen Meredith, one of the study's co-authors. She added that time spent outdoors also increases focus and attention, and contributes to a greater sense of well-being.

english | chinse
-- | --
severe | 严重
commute | 通勤
contribute | 促使

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/stressed-at-work-try-stepping-outside/ldEdoihUEfGxyoeGYrpcPg](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/stressed-at-work-try-stepping-outside/ldEdoihUEfGxyoeGYrpcPg)