---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/survey-finds-worlds-most-welcoming-language/FAvf9CFhEfG5oNN-vyEx0Q
date:   2026-03-23 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

Survey Finds World's Most 'Welcoming' Language

How "friendly" is English? How "elegant" is Japanese — and how "practical" is German?

These are some of the questions that people around the world were asked in a survey by the language learning app Preply.

More than 3,600 people from France, Germany, Japan, Spain, the UK and the US were asked for their opinions about 10 different languages. How "complex" were they? How much did they feel "warm and friendly"?

And people decided that the world's most welcoming, friendly language is Portuguese. That's just based on the way it sounds to the survey participants!

Thirty-four percent of people chose Portuguese as the most "warm and friendly" language. However, it didn't win by much — because 33% of people said the same about Spanish!

Preply said these languages have a "bright, rhythmic cadence," and not too many "sharp consonants," which may be why they sound welcoming.

Of course, it doesn't mean that people who speak these languages are any more — or less — welcoming and friendly than anybody else!

The language that people consider to be the most "elegant" is French. More than half of people chose this as the most elegant language, while many others chose Italian.

Preply said these languages both sound smooth.

Asian languages were considered to be the most "complex."

Mandarin was chosen as the most complex language, followed by Japanese and Korean. Participants also said they think Arabic is a complex language.

For many people, the reason for this may be that these languages use different characters from European alphabets. And almost a quarter of participants said they might not want to learn a language that they see as complex.

Unsurprisingly, the largest group of people said that English is the most "practical" language. It's used by many people around the world, making it very practical for global communication!

english | chinse
-- | --
elegant | 优雅
rhythmic | 节奏感
cadence | 语调
Unsurprisingly | 毫不意外

Language is not elegant and rhythmic.

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/survey-finds-worlds-most-welcoming-language/FAvf9CFhEfG5oNN-vyEx0Q](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/survey-finds-worlds-most-welcoming-language/FAvf9CFhEfG5oNN-vyEx0Q)