---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 Survey Finds Why People Love Their Country
date:   2026-03-25 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

Survey Finds Why People Love Their Country

Are you proud of your country?

Many people are. When asked why, they might think of their country's history and culture, or maybe its shared values.

But a recent global survey has found that one of the most popular answers is the same in many countries: the people.

Pew Research Center asked more than 30,000 people across 25 countries to say in their own words what made them feel proud of their country. And in many countries, "the people" was either the top choice or among the top choices.

In Brazil, for example, 25% said they were proud of their people, because they are "welcoming" and "accepting." And in South Korea, 28% chose the people, saying they are "diligent" and "sincere."

In Australia, 25% were also proud of the people of their country, which they said was partly because of the culture of "mateship" — a kind of easy-going friendship. They also spoke of the sense of community in Australia, where people will quickly help each other during difficult times.

But the country where "the people" was the most popular answer, at 41%, was Japan. The Japanese said the people of their country are "serious," "hardworking," "modest," "sincere" and "respectful."

Many people were also proud of their country's diversity. In Indonesia — where the national motto is "Unity in Diversity" — 30% chose diversity as their answer. They said they are proud of the fact that so many religions, cultures, ethnicities and languages can live together in harmony.

In Canada too, diversity was the second most popular answer — after "the people." Canadians are proud that different cultures can live together as a "mosaic." And in South Africa, many people said they were proud of the diversity of their "rainbow nation."

But in the UK, although 25% said they were proud of their "kind" and "honest" people, 29% mentioned things they weren't proud of!

english | chinse
-- | --
diligent | 勤奋
easy-going | 随和
diversity | 多样性
sincere | 真诚
My pets didn't like each other at first, but they've learned to live in harmony with one another.| 我的宠物起初不喜欢彼此，但它们已经学会了和谐共处

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/survey-finds-why-people-love-their-country/RHrHnCbcEfGJQDfwWvav7A](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/survey-finds-why-people-love-their-country/RHrHnCbcEfGJQDfwWvav7A)