---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 52% of Workers Regret Their University Degree
date: 2026-06-08 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# 52% of Workers Regret Their University Degree

Many young people hope that university will help them build their dream career.

But according to a new survey, a lot of professionals now wish they had made different choices in their education.

The survey was done by Kickresume, a Slovakia-based career platform. It included a little over 1,000 working professionals around the world who have used the platform.

It was found that 52% of workers have at least some regrets about their university education.

Among these, 21% said they wish they had chosen a different subject. And 29% said they regret getting their degree entirely.

Money was one of the biggest reasons for these views — many participants said their degree will never feel worth all the money they spent on it.

Some participants even said they never finished their university education because it was too expensive. And some graduates said that, even working full time, it's taking them too long to pay off their degree.

Many people named work experience and networking as the most important things that helped their career. And more than half said a university education isn't as important as it used to be in the industry they work in.

But although university graduates have regrets, 55% still said they needed their degree to get the job they have, and 36% said they use what they learned at university every day.

And people who didn't get a degree might have regrets of their own too. Almost two-thirds of participants without a degree said that not having one has limited their career in some way, and many people in this group said they would be open to getting a degree at some point.

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/52-of-workers-regret-their-university-degree/Rt-RSl6TEfGQMA9y3Hz1Tw](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/52-of-workers-regret-their-university-degree/Rt-RSl6TEfGQMA9y3Hz1Tw)