---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Delivery Robots Very Convenient or Big Problem?[可以复习]
date: 2026-06-25 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Delivery Robots: Very Convenient or Big Problem?

Camila and Otto look friendly with their big round eyes.

But although Camila and Otto are free to move around Los Angeles, those eyes can't see. These are the names of two delivery robots.

They're made by a company called Serve Robotics, and they're common sights in some US cities. In fact, Serve has 500 robots operating across 40 of Los Angeles' districts.

People in other big cities around the world may have also seen robots delivering food and other products.

They use sensors to find their way around, and people can take out what they have ordered when the robot gets to their location.

But while these robots may look friendly, some people think they've become a problem.

In some places, residents have complained that the robots make it harder for pedestrians to move around, and they have even hurt people using the sidewalk.

The robots have also caused traffic problems when they cross the street.

And there is a question of whether we really need robots to deliver things when they're only traveling short distances — many people could easily walk to the restaurant or store themselves.

Ali Kashani, the CEO of Serve Robotics, thinks that robots can make cities safer and cleaner because people don't need to travel by car to pick up their order, and robots are cleaner than delivery cars or motorbikes.

But a lot of deliveries in cities are now done on e-bikes or bicycles, and the robots are taking jobs that could be done by humans.

However, there is one good thing about delivery robots — you don't need to give them a tip!

english      | chinese 
------------ | ------- 
common sight |  常见