---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Survey Finds Many Brits Not Confident Investing
date: 2026-06-03 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Survey Finds Many Brits Not Confident Investing
 
Some people see investing as a smart way to make more from their money. For others, it seems like something complicated and risky.

In fact, as many as 46% of Brits aren't confident when it comes to investing.

That's according to a new survey by insurance company Aviva of 2,000 adults in the UK.

Around a quarter of participants said they think investing is too risky and complicated. One in five said that while they think investing is interesting, they don't fully understand it, and 19% said investing is only for people with a lot of money.

However, that doesn't mean that people don't see the value in investing, with 40% saying they think it is a good way to grow money over time. Also, 30% said investing can support long-term goals, like retirement or buying a home.

Around two thirds of participants said they'd like to become more confident in investing. Younger people were most likely to feel this way with 87% of 18- to 24-year-olds saying they'd like to build more confidence — almost double the 44% of people aged 55 and over saying the same.

But the survey also found that many UK adults feel that being good at investing is something that comes naturally, instead of a skill that can be learned. Six in 10 people said that some people are just "born investors," meaning people who are naturally more comfortable and successful with investing.

Investors themselves see things a bit differently. Among survey participants who do invest, four in 10 said that if they could go back in time they would manage their investments differently. And almost a quarter said they had made investment decisions they regret.

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/survey-finds-many-brits-not-confident-investing/g5t-_lp1EfG7VY-hEy5zGg](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/survey-finds-many-brits-not-confident-investing/g5t-_lp1EfG7VY-hEy5zGg)