---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Lawson Opens New 'Mini-Supermarkets'
date: 2026-06-05 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Lawson Opens New 'Mini-Supermarkets'

Japanese convenience store chain Lawson has opened the first of its new "mini-supermarkets."

The new stores are called "L Minimart." The first one opened in Kodaira in the west of Tokyo at the end of May. A second will open on June 12 in Itabashi, also in Tokyo, and another will follow on June 26 in Hiratsuka, which is in Kanagawa prefecture.

The stores are larger than _konbini_ — convenience stores — but smaller than supermarkets.

The mini-supermarkets provide everyday necessities at "great prices," Lawson said. It added that it hopes the minimarts would make "the town a happier place."

The Kodaira minimart was opened in a building that used to be home to a Lawson 100 store. These are the company's low-price convenience stores.

_Jiji Press_ said that the minimarts have more space for items than Lawson 100 stores.

Many people were excited about the opening of the new minimart on May 28.

According to _SoraNews24_, as many as 200 people were waiting outside by the time the store opened its doors.

Staff from _SoraNews24_ visited the Kodaira minimart on its first day, and said that prices were good and so was the variety of foods available.

They said there was a big meat section and a good selection of ready-to-eat products.

Lawson sees these three minimarts as "pilot projects" and said that if they are successful, it may open more in future.

english      | chinese 
------------ | ------- 
pilot projects | 試點計畫