---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Tokyo Ward Offers Free Salt Tablets on Hot Days
date: 2026-06-13 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Tokyo Ward Offers Free Salt Tablets on Hot Days

On a hot day, something salty might be the last thing you'd want. But it could be exactly what your body needs.

Sweating is the body's way of staying cool. But when you sweat a lot, you also lose important salts and minerals that your body needs.

That's why some people drink sports drinks or eat salty snacks after spending time in the heat.

And in Tokyo's Shibuya ward, officials think this is so important that they are giving out free sodium tablets to help people stay healthy and safe in the heat.

Since June 1, the Shibuya Ward Office has been giving out free tablets as part of a campaign for staying healthy in the summer.

The tablets are like candies that help replace salts and minerals lost through sweat. They are available at 29 different places around Shibuya, including libraries, gyms and offices.

Many of these places are also "Cool Share Spots" — air-conditioned places where people can take a break from the summer heat and cool down.

The campaign comes as Japan prepares for another hot summer.

Heatstroke affects many people in Japan every summer. According to Japan's Fire and Disaster Management Agency, thousands of people are taken to hospital each year because of illnesses caused by the heat.

Officials hope the tablets and Cool Share Spots will help people stay safe while enjoying summer in the city.

| english                                            | chinese       |
| -------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| something salty might be the last thing you'd want | 鹹的東西可能是你最不想吃的 |
| Salt Tablets                                       | 盐片            |
| illnesses                                          | 疾病            |