---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Music While Studying Helpful or Distracting?
date: 2026-06-01 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Music While Studying: Helpful or Distracting?

Do you ever listen to music while you read? Or do you find that music makes it harder for you to focus on the words?

Scientists have actually studied whether music can help us concentrate, with some saying that it's more likely to distract us, and others saying that because music stimulates us and improves our mood, it could also help us focus.

Now, in a new study from Edith Cowan University in Australia, researchers have looked into the music habits of 226 university students to see how their background tunes can impact reading for study purposes.

The researchers found that 54% of participants listened to music while they were reading for study purposes, while 46% said they avoided it. This rather even divide suggests that whether music is helpful or distracting is decided by highly personal differences.

For those who do listen while reading, classical music was the most popular genre at 48%, followed by rock at 33% and pop at 18%. But while music with lyrics was preferred by 64% for easy tasks, only 22% said they chose lyrical music when reading — suggesting that lyrics can distract from the reading process.

When asked why they listened to music while reading, 57% said it helped them focus, 50% said it helped block out distracting noise, 49% said it motivated them, and 37% said it helped them enjoy reading more.

However, 86% of those who avoided listening to music while reading said it was because they found it distracting.

As to why people find music helpful or distracting when studying, the researchers found that people's mental abilities had nothing to do with it. What did seem to matter was how important music was in people's lives. The more important music was to a person, the more likely they were to find music a useful study aid.

english      | chinese 
------------ | ------- 
 49% said it motivated them | 49%的人表示这激励了他们
 study aid | 学习辅助工具。