---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Bears 'A Serious Threat' to Safety in Japan — Report
date: 2026-06-10 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Bears 'A Serious Threat' to Safety in Japan — Report

Bears should now be considered "a serious threat to public safety and peace" in Japan, according to a new report.

Between April 2025 and March 2026, there were more than 50,000 bear sightings in Japan, and 238 people were injured or killed by bears.

The situation has been just as serious this year. By the end of the first week of June, four people had been killed and 21 injured just since April, according to _NHK_.

Bear attacks have become more common in Japan over the last few years.

Experts have said that part of the reason for this is that bears can't find enough food in the mountains and forests where they live.

That means they've had to move closer to towns and villages to find food.

In the prefectures where bear attacks are most common, authorities have been working hard to keep bears away from human settlements.

People have been encouraged to make loud noises when they're walking near forests or mountains, to carry bells or radios to frighten bears, and to stay in groups.

Residents have also been reminded not to leave garbage or garden waste lying around.

Last year, the government also changed the rules about who could shoot bears when they came close to human settlements.

Previously, only trained hunters were allowed to shoot bears. Now, local officials are also allowed to do this.

But keeping bears away is not easy. The animals can be very clever, as recent reports have shown.

At the start of June, a bear escaped from a factory in Fukushima after seemingly opening a locked window by itself.

The bear had attacked four people in the area before it entered the factory, where officials tried to trap it.

Before escaping from the factory, cameras showed the bear turning on a tap and drinking from it. Fukushima's mayor said: "We believe it to be extremely intelligent."

english      | chinese 
------------ | ------- 
50,000 bear sightings in Japan | 日本已記錄5萬起熊目擊事件
leave garbage or garden waste lying around | 請勿隨意丟棄垃圾或園林廢棄物
escaping | 逃脫