---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 How We Breathe May Affect How Quickly We Remember[可以复习]
date: 2026-06-26 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# How We Breathe May Affect How Quickly We Remember

Have you ever spent a long time studying something, only to forget it when you needed it later?

Many people are always looking for better ways to study and remember information. And a new study from Japan has found that the way we breathe — and specifically, when we exhale — can affect how quickly we can recall things.

Researchers from several Japanese institutions looked into the relationship between breathing and memory. They wanted to find out whether breathing timing could affect how easily we learn and recall new information.

For the study, the researchers looked at how 30 participants breathed while they were shown 40 pictures of plants and animals.

Next, the participants were shown a mix of old and new images, and asked to quickly push a button to identify the pictures they had seen before.

It was found that participants were faster at identifying images they had seen before when they had first seen those images near the end of an exhale. They also answered most quickly at the end of an exhale.

However, if they were breathing in when they first saw an image, but breathing out when they were later tested, their answers were slower. So being near the end of an exhale both when learning and when being tested seemed to bring the best results.

There was no difference in accuracy depending on how people breathed, however.

But this may help explain why speaking aloud can be such a good way to study English — after all, saying words aloud naturally involves breathing out. And the results could help more than just students trying to learn a language — they might help anyone trying to remember something!

exhale | 呼气