---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Most US Companies Plan to Raise Health Insurance Fees
date: 2026-06-24 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Most US Companies Plan to Raise Health Insurance Fees

America doesn't provide universal healthcare for its people. Some Americans — including the poor and the elderly — can get public health insurance, but more than half of Americans get health insurance from their employer.

Workers generally pay for this insurance by having a premium deducted from their paycheck.

And for most American workers, those payments look set to rise in 2027. That's according to a survey by finance company Mercer of around 600 US businesses, most of which have 500 or more employees.

Among those large companies with at least 500 employees, two-thirds say they expect to raise monthly premiums for employee health insurance.

Americans don't just pay premiums, though — they may also pay things like deductibles and copays.

A deductible is the amount you have to pay for services over the year before insurance kicks in. So if you have a $1,000 deductible, even if you have insurance, you first have to pay $1,000 toward services before your insurance starts to help you pay.

Meanwhile, a copay is a set amount you have to pay for certain services even after your insurance kicks in. So after paying your deductible, you might still have to pay, say, a $20 copay for a regular doctor's visit, or a $100 copay for an X-ray.

And almost half of large companies say they also expect to make changes like increasing deductibles or copay amounts.

Some companies are also looking at ways to reduce the costs of their healthcare plans, such as by offering plans that are cheaper but may limit the providers workers can use.

They are also thinking of saving money by cutting coverage for weight-loss medicine.

Still, costs to companies have been rising year by year. This year, employers expect to pay more than $18,500 per employee for healthcare benefits, according to Mercer. That's a 6.7% increase compared with 2025, and the biggest rise in 15 years.

english      | chinese 
------------ | ------- 
America doesn't provide universal healthcare for its people | 美國沒有為全體人民提供全民健保
elderly | 老年