---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Cool Off with These Cold Summer Coffee Recipes
date: 2026-06-22 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Cool Off with These Cold Summer Coffee Recipes

It can be hard to enjoy a hot coffee when the temperature goes up. But that doesn't mean you have to give up your favorite caffeine hit — there are many fun, cold coffee recipes to help you stay cool this summer!

## Espresso tonic

For something refreshing and sophisticated, try an espresso tonic. This is espresso served with tonic water, ice and sometimes sugar. Adding a slice of lemon is also nice!

Koppi Roasters cafe in Sweden is often credited with bringing this modern recipe to cafe menus. Anna Lunell from Koppi Roasters told _European Coffee Trip_ that a colleague of hers made it the morning after a staff party, mixing leftover tonic water with sugar syrup and espresso.

So when Lunell and her business partner opened their cafe in the city of Helsingborg in 2007, they put their own version on the menu!

## Greek frappe

Simple instant coffee can be used for really delicious cold coffee too — and that's what you need for a real Greek frappe.

This is made by whisking or shaking together instant coffee, cold water, sugar and — if wanted — milk to make a fun, foamy drink.

It's generally believed that Greek frappes were invented by Nestle salesman Dimitrios Vakondios at the Thessaloniki International Fair in 1957. Having run out of hot water, Vakondios is said to have put Nescafe and cold water into a shaker made for the company's Nesquik chocolate drink.

The result? The summer drink that's now enjoyed across Greece!

## Iced orange Americano

Finally, since both coffee and orange juice are common to have with breakfast, why not try putting them together in one refreshing drink?

Popular in Thailand and other Asian countries, an iced orange Americano is made by mixing espresso, orange juice and lots of ice. The sweet orange mixes with the bitter coffee for a unique taste!