---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Osaka Restaurant Adds Sushi Pizza to Its Menu
date: 2026-06-15 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Osaka Restaurant Adds Sushi Pizza to Its Menu

A lot of people around the world love sushi, and a lot of people love pizza.

So it's probably not surprising that chefs have been trying to put these two things together for a long time!

A restaurant in Osaka has done just that. Kaisen Monogatari announced in May that it was selling a new dish called "sushi pizza."

But it's not just sushi on top of a pizza!

It looks like a regular pizza until you get to the crust, which is made from fried seaweed and sushi rice — not dough.

But while this is new to the menu at Kaisen Monogatari, the idea of sushi pizza is not new at all.

According to Canadian newspaper the _Toronto Star_, the idea was first seen in Toronto, Canada in the 1990s.

It's said to have come from a chef named Kaoru Ohsada, who was born in Japan. He wanted to try out different food combinations while he was working in Canada.

He fried sushi rice, made it into a pizza shape, put fish and onions on top and called it sushi pizza!

The dish has since been seen in a lot of other restaurants in North America.

The Osaka restaurant is now selling a number of different types of sushi pizza that cost 1,078 yen — about $6.70 — for a slice.

You could also make your own sushi pizza at home: buy a regular pizza and put some sushi on top!

But don't tell any Italians about it — many of them are already upset about the idea of pineapple on pizza!