---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Cafe Rules Buy One Coffee, Stay All Day? [可以复习]
date: 2026-06-11 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Cafe Rules: Buy One Coffee, Stay All Day?

Have you ever gone to a cafe to study or do some work? A lot of people do!

Once there, you might have asked yourself: "Can I buy one coffee and work for two hours? How about three hours — or all day?"

You don't want to spend too much money, but you also don't want the staff to throw you out!

In South Korea, there's even a word for people who come to cafes to study or work — _cagongjok._ It combines "cafe" with the Korean words _gongbu_ ("study") and _jok_ ("tribe").

And how long do _cagongjok_ stay after buying a coffee?

Speaking to _Korea JoongAng Daily_, student Seo Jae-won said that if he buys one coffee, he's happy to stay for three hours without buying anything else.

"If I'm going to study longer, I order another drink or add a dessert," he said.

But the math is different for cafe owners.

In 2019, the Korea Food Industry Research Institute found that, to break even, a cafe with eight tables selling coffee for about $2.70 needed customers to leave after one hour and 42 minutes.

However, _Korea JoongAng Daily_ said that now, because costs have increased, the time limit is probably closer to one hour and 30 minutes.

So, are South Korea's cafe owners fed up with _cagongjok?_

Yes and no.

Some cafes limit how long people are allowed to stay if they use the space for work or study, while others have banned laptops and tablets completely.

But others say they can't afford to turn people away, even if some customers only buy a coffee every three hours. There are lots of coffee shops in South Korea, and they need all the customers they can get!

english      | chinese 
------------ | ------- 
you also don't want the staff to throw you out! | 你也不想被工作人員趕出去吧！
I'm fed up with doing all the housework while you sit around all day  | 我厌倦了做所有的家务，而你却整天无所事事。
break even |  盈亏平衡
tribe | 部落