---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 JAL Wants to Send Special Japanese Items to Moon [可以复习]
date: 2026-06-04 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# JAL Wants to Send Special Japanese Items to Moon

You can now find ramen all around the world — not just in Japan. The same is true for sake, _sensu_ fans and kimonos.

But soon, these things might even be found on the moon!

Japan Airlines (JAL) has said it's working with other Japanese companies to transport some important cultural items to the moon.

The companies said that these items will be safe on the moon — because on Earth, there is a risk of losing them due to climate change, natural disasters and wars.

The idea is that if these things are kept safe on the moon, future generations will be able to find them and learn from them.

They'll just have to get to the moon first!

JAL is working on the plan with the ARGO Trans-Lunar Heritage Project and the Japanese space exploration firm ispace, which has worked on a number of other space projects.

JAL would become the world's first airline to take items like this to the moon.

The plan is for ispace to take the items to the moon in 2028 in small boxes.

Since the end of May this year, companies and local governments have been able to apply to have special items put into one of these boxes.

The items will have to be quite small in size, because the boxes are only 20 centimeters wide, 20 centimeters long and 10 centimeters high.

But the boxes will be carefully built so that they are strong enough to survive on the moon.

Companies and local governments will have to pay to have their items included in a box, but JAL hasn't said yet how much it will cost.

english      | chinese 
------------ | ------- 
exploration | 勘探