---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Why We Don't Want to Update Our Devices
date: 2026-06-17 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Why We Don't Want to Update Our Devices

You're about to start scrolling on social media, and then your computer tells you it's time to update your software — how annoying!

You'll need to restart and wait for the update to finish, when all you want to do is look at Instagram!

But this isn't the only reason why people don't like being told to update their computers, phones, tablets and smart TVs.

According to a new survey by Talker Research, more than 60% of US adults think software updates disrupt the daily usage of their devices — and 78% say they avoid changing anything on their devices unless they really have to!

But the most common reason why people don't update their devices — named by 23% of participants — is because they forget.

However, many also say they're happy with their software as it is, and worry that an update might make things worse.

In fact, 44% of people say they've had updates that made it harder to do things they'd been able to do before.

And 40% say it takes them a few days to get used to changes made by updates — though some say it takes them weeks or months!

Other reasons for not installing updates include the time they take to install, worries that an update will slow a device down, and having forgotten the passwords needed for the update.

Some people just have devices that are too old to update!

Only two out of 10 people say they install an update as soon as it becomes available. About a quarter wait a day or two, and 30% wait at least a week. But 15% say they wait until their device makes them do it!

However, experts say that updates are important — they help to protect your data and keep your device secure!