---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 An AI Boss? Some Americans Say Yes
date: 2026-05-06 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# An AI Boss? Some Americans Say Yes

There has been a lot of discussion about how AI could take jobs away from people — especially entry-level jobs in many industries.

However, what if it was your boss who was replaced by AI?

Some people would be OK with that.

A survey by Connecticut's Quinnipiac University asked around 1,400 people in the US how they felt about AI. One thing it asked was if participants would be willing to have an AI program as their direct supervisor at work, assigning tasks and organizing schedules.

The answer was mostly negative, with 80% saying no.

However, 15% said they would be OK with it.

People who did not have a university degree were more likely to accept an AI boss, with 16% saying they were OK with the idea, compared with 12% of people who have four-year degrees.

Looking at the answers by age group, Millennials — those born between 1981 and 1996 — were the most accepting of AI bosses, with 19% saying yes. That's almost one-fifth of those workers!

Gen Z — those born between 1997 and 2003 — were just behind them, at 18%.

Men were also slightly more likely to accept an AI boss, with 15% saying they would be OK with one, compared with 14% of women.

The survey also found that 70% of Americans feel that AI will reduce the number of available jobs, and 55% said AI would do more harm than good in their day-to-day lives.

The survey also asked if and how Americans are using AI. It found that 51% have used it to research topics they are interested in. This is an increase from the 37% using it as a research tool when a similar survey was done in 2025.

More people are also using AI for school and work projects, as 27% said they did so in the most recent survey, up from 24% in 2025.

 english      | chinese 
 ------------ | ------- 
 willing | 愿意 We're not sure if your ideas for the website will work, but we're **willing** to experiment.
 assign  | 分配
 discussion | 讨论
 compared with 12% of people who have four-year | 拥有四年制学位的人中只有 12%的人这样认为