---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 How to Make the Most of Your Weekdays
date: 2026-05-26 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# How to Make the Most of Your Weekdays

Do you ever feel like you spend your weekdays just waiting for the weekend? It's something that many of us do.

But that means we're wishing away more than 70% of the week!

So how can we make the most of our weekdays — and do more than just eat, sleep and work?

Antonia Collins runs a website called Balance Through Simplicity. She has a lot of ideas to make the most of our weekdays. One is to leave the house after work — don't just go home, eat dinner and go to bed.

"A change of scene can give you a new perspective," she says.

Psychology expert James Pawelski from the University of Pennsylvania told _CNN_ that we shouldn't always plan fun activities for the weekend.

Plan things for weekday evenings, too, he says. After a hard day at work, it's easy to sit on the sofa all evening. But getting up and making an effort to do something can actually give us energy, he says.

And you'll feel good the next day, because you followed through with something you planned to do.

Writing for the website The Financial Diet, Cierra Bundy adds that we should distribute our activities all through the week, so our weekends don't feel too busy.

Kayleigh Thornton from The Yardstick Agency says that it's really important to have something to look forward to at the end of the work day. If you don't have something to look forward to — find something!

You could learn a new skill, spend time looking after yourself or even just get some cleaning jobs done so you have more free time at the weekend!

You might not need to live for the weekend if you're also enjoying — and making the most of — your weekdays!

english      | chinese 
 ------------ | -------
A change of scene can give you a new perspective | 换个环境或许能让你看到新的视角