---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Japan Plans QR Code Food Labels
date: 2026-05-27 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Japan Plans QR Code Food Labels

Sometimes, it can be difficult to read what's written on a food label — the writing might be too small, or the information might not be clear.

But that might become a little easier for people in Japan, because the country's Consumer Affairs Agency has announced plans for a new QR code system for labels on processed foods.

In Japan, packages for processed foods must have a label showing things like the "best before" date, where the product was made, how to store it, and all the ingredients and additives.

However, some worry that adding more information in the future could make food labels too crowded and hard to read.

Having a QR code on the label could help with this problem — because according to the Consumer Affairs Agency, less information will be printed on the label itself, making it easier to read.

Shoppers could also make the label information larger when they read it on their phone screens — or even read it in other languages.

Companies could also more easily change label information if ingredients need to be changed — although there are worries that companies could also hide information if problems are found with some ingredients, so any changes to ingredient lists would have to be saved.

It will take some time for this new system to start, because the way it will work is still being discussed. It's also not yet clear what information would be printed directly on the product label, and what information would be given digitally.

There are also worries about how the system would work for people who don't have smartphones.

The system could start being used by the end of 2027 at the earliest, according to _Jiji Press_.

But it's hoped that it will help people make better-informed choices when they're buying food.

english      | chinese 
 ------------ | -------
 All of our products are free from artificial colors and additives. | 我们所有产品均不含人工色素和添加剂。 
 too crowded | 过于拥挤