---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Why Can Only Half of Filipinos Swim?
date: 2026-05-14 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Why Can Only Half of Filipinos Swim?

The Philippines has more than 7,600 islands, and countless beaches.

But about 50% of Filipinos can't swim without assistance.

That's according to 2019 data that looked at the swimming skills of people aged 15 and over all around the world.

Why can't more Filipinos swim?

This is a question that Filipino bloggers have been asking online.

For many people living in large cities, the biggest problems may be time and money. Filipino YouTuber Rubeauti said in a video that most people's parents "are just too busy working or making money, so they don't have that spare time to teach us how to swim."

Private swimming lessons can be expensive, and a lot of schools don't take children swimming, according to Lara Eviota from Filipino website _Diinsider Life_.

The 2019 data shows that money matters — in fact, only 27% of people over 15 in poor countries can swim without assistance, while 75% of people in rich countries can.

Rubeauti says Filipinos who can swim live in smaller towns and villages close to lakes and beaches. It's also thought that you don't really need to know how to swim to play in shallow water close to land.

Some say it could even be cultural — since many people's parents can't swim, it's not a skill they think is important to teach. So instead, they teach their kids to be afraid of deep water.

In fact, more than 3,200 Filipinos are thought to drown every year. And experts say the government needs to do more to make sure people learn to swim.

 english      | chinese 
 ------------ | -------
countless | 无数
assistance | 辅助

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/why-can-only-half-of-filipinos-swim/YN_t7krmEfGsCfsnHM2nWQ](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/why-can-only-half-of-filipinos-swim/YN_t7krmEfGsCfsnHM2nWQ)