---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Why Some Dishes Taste Better the Next Day
date: 2026-05-28 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Why Some Dishes Taste Better the Next Day

You spend hours cooking a curry, have it for dinner and then put the leftovers in the fridge — but, to your surprise, those leftovers taste better the next day.

Why does this happen? There might be a few reasons.

Even after cooking stops, your food's flavors keep changing. Certain spices can be quite harsh when you first cook with them, but can become less harsh over time.

Flavors from different foods also keep mixing with each other. Spices, for example, might spread through a sauce and give it more flavor.

Other flavors might mix with the fat in a dish. Fat helps carry these flavors and keeps them on your tongue for longer, so the food tastes better.

Other changes happen too. Starchy foods can release more sugars, making dishes a bit sweeter. This sweetness can reduce the harshness of other strong flavors.

Some vegetables also become less bitter because of contact with air, while proteins in meat can break down over time, making the meat softer and giving it more umami.

Another reason food might taste better the next day is that many people taste their food while they're cooking it. So they're less "surprised" when they actually eat the finished meal — and they might not be very hungry anymore. This could make the food taste better the next day, especially if the cook saw other people enjoying it!

Of course, not all leftovers taste better the next day. Certain foods, like pasta or steak, are best enjoyed when they're first made.

But if you've made a nice soup or curry, try letting it rest for some time — and let science do its thing!

english      | chinese 
 ------------ | -------
 those leftovers taste better the next day | 剩菜隔夜更美味 
 Even after cooking stops |即使烹饪停止后 
 Certain spices can be quite harsh  | 某些香料味道可能比较浓烈
 become less bitter | 苦味会减轻 
 while proteins in meat can break down over time, making the meat softer and giving it more umami | 而肉类中的蛋白质会随着时间推移分解，使肉质更软嫩，鲜味更浓郁 
 Flavors from different foods also keep mixing with each other. Spices, for example, might spread through a sauce and give it more flavor. | 不同食物的味道也会不断混合。例如，香料可能会扩散到酱汁中，使其味道更浓郁。
 Other flavors might mix with the fat in a dish.| 其他味道可能会与菜肴中的油脂混合。 
 Fat helps carry these flavors and keeps them on your tongue for longer, so the food tastes better | 油脂有助于承载这些味道，并使其在舌尖停留更长时间，从而使食物更美味 