---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Japan's Hair Salon Bankruptcies Hit Record High
date: 2026-05-09 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Japan's Hair Salon Bankruptcies Hit Record High

Japan's hair salons have hit hard times, with record numbers going bankrupt over the past two years, according to a survey from Teikoku Databank.

Last year, a record 235 hair salons went bankrupt with debts of 10 million yen ($63,000) or more — 20 more than the previous year's record of 215. Of these bankrupt salons with large debts, over 90% were small businesses, and many had to close after being open for just a few years.

According to the survey, 49% of these businesses had been open for less than 10 years when they had to close. And the average lifespan of these hair salons fell from 14.1 years in 2024 to 13 years in 2025. That's the shortest average since 2020 — which was when the coronavirus pandemic began.

However, in some ways, life is harder for hair salons now than it was during the pandemic — because during the pandemic, small businesses received subsidies from the government to help them survive.

These days, hair salons are faced with many increasing costs, from materials such as shampoo and hair dye to electricity, rent and labor costs. And costs are also increasing for customers, who are now less likely to spend money on expensive haircuts — which means hair salons can't even raise prices to cover their expenses.

There is also a staffing problem. While larger chain businesses can attract staff with better salaries and more job security, smaller hair salons are finding it hard to find enough staff. In Teikoku Databank's data, 11 salons went bankrupt last year because of staffing problems.

However, although times are hard for small hair salons, customers probably don't need to worry too much about finding a place to get their hair cut. Because according to _JapanUp_, there are more than 250,000 hair salons in Japan!

 english      | chinese 
 ------------ | ------- 
 salons | 沙龙
 bankrupt | 破产
 lifespan | 寿命

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/japans-hair-salon-bankruptcies-hit-record-high/EQBX0EizEfG-JF-DZktC0g](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/japans-hair-salon-bankruptcies-hit-record-high/EQBX0EizEfG-JF-DZktC0g)