---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 New Airport to Make Bhutan Easier to Visit
date: 2026-05-12 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# New Airport to Make Bhutan Easier to Visit

When most people think of Bhutan, they might picture a faraway place in the mountains. In fact, they might not know very much about it at all, because for some time Bhutan has been one of the most difficult countries to get to.

But things might be changing, with a new airport planned for 2029.

Paro, Bhutan's only international airport, is one of the most difficult airports in the world to access. Found in western Bhutan, it sits in a narrow mountain valley, making it difficult for planes to land. Because of this, only a small number of pilots can fly there, keeping visitor numbers low.

But it's not just the airport — tourists have only been allowed to visit Bhutan since 1974. And until a few years ago, most visitors needed to book tours and pay a daily fee to enter the country, to protect its culture and stop overtourism. Today, visitors must still pay a daily fee, but they can plan the rest of their trip themselves.

Last year, just over 88,500 people visited Bhutan.

But the new Gelephu International Airport is being built in the south of the country where the land isn't as mountainous, which will make traveling to the country much easier.

The airport is part of a major project to build a new city in Bhutan. The Gelephu Mindfulness City is intended to be a travel and economic hub that mixes business, nature and spirituality.

New hiking trails, homestays and nature-based activities are also opening to bring more tourists to the south of the country.

But don't expect to see crowded tour buses in Bhutan any time soon — the country still plans to control the number of tourists carefully.

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/new-airport-to-make-bhutan-easier-to-visit/lxylxkh3EfGE3dtDcI-Gzg](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/new-airport-to-make-bhutan-easier-to-visit/lxylxkh3EfGE3dtDcI-Gzg)