---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Dreams May Be Less Random Than You Think
date: 2026-05-11 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Dreams May Be Less Random Than You Think

Have you ever woken up from a dream and thought, "What was that?"

Maybe you dreamed about taking an exam you didn't study for, or showing up at work in your pajamas.

In either case, dreams can feel random — and confusing!

But a study from Italy suggests that dreams may not be as random as we think.

In the study, 287 adults recorded their daily experiences and their dreams over two weeks. In total, researchers collected more than 3,700 reports.

They found that dreams are often connected to daily life, but not in an obvious way.

The researchers compared what people did during the day with what they saw in their dreams. They found that similar places, people and situations often appeared in both.

However, they didn't appear in the same way as in real life, and were often changed or mixed together.

This suggests dreams may start with real-life experiences, but the brain changes them while you sleep, with real memories mixed with things you imagine or things you anticipate will happen in the future.

That's why dreams can feel familiar, but also strange at the same time.

The researchers also noticed that dreams tend to focus on negative feelings and stronger emotions than we experience when awake — suggesting that, among other things, dreams may help us process and regulate our emotions.

Significant life events also affect how we dream. During the COVID-19 pandemic, for example, the researchers found that dreams were more emotional and often included feelings of being restricted or limited. At that time, people in Italy were living under lockdown and couldn't leave their homes.

So the next time you dream about something strange, like going to work in your pajamas, it may not be completely random after all. Your brain is just mixing your real memories together with other things you're thinking about!

| english      | chinese |
| ------------ | ------- |
| as random as | 像随机一样   |
| obvious way  | 显而易见的方式 |
| restrict     | 限制      |
| regulate     | 规范      |
| anticipate   | 预料      |

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/dreams-may-be-less-random-than-you-think/4LZHBEgFEfGFft9cXG-nFw](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/dreams-may-be-less-random-than-you-think/4LZHBEgFEfGFft9cXG-nFw)







