---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Number of Super-Rich People Increases in Europe
date: 2026-05-20 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Number of Super-Rich People Increases in Europe

The number of super-rich people across Europe has been growing since 2021, according to a new report.

This is something that has also been happening around the world.

But in Europe, there has been a 26% increase in the number of people with a net worth of at least $30 million.

This does not mean they all have $30 million in the bank. It means the value of their assets is at least $30 million.

Germany has the most super-rich people of any European country, according to the report, which was done by a company called Knight Frank.

In Germany, there are more than 38,200 people with a net worth of at least $30 million.

The report says the city of Frankfurt is one of the places where Germany's super-rich are often found. Frankfurt is home to the European Central Bank and a number of big global companies including Deutsche Bank and Commerzbank.

The UK also has more than 27,800 super-rich people, and there are more than 21,500 in France.

Germany, the UK and France are Europe's biggest economies, but there has also been a big increase in the number of super-rich people in some less wealthy countries.

In Poland, the number of super-rich people more than doubled between 2021 and 2026. In Turkey, the number increased by 94% and in Romania it increased by 93%.

The report said that the super-rich are happy to move around to find a country where they can protect their wealth — and where taxes are lower!

english      | chinese 
 ------------ | -------
some less wealthy countries. | 一些不太富裕的国家。