---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Why Jeans Are Bad for Long Flights
date: 2026-05-07 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Why Jeans Are Bad for Long Flights

Earlier this year, Europe's biggest airline joked on social media that no one should be wearing jeans on an airplane.

In a TikTok video, Ryanair wrote, "it's 2026, let's stop travelling in jeans." Below the video, it added the word "please" and a praying emoji.

Not everyone liked Ryanair's post — but some people did agree that jeans aren't the most comfortable clothes to travel in.

In fact, for long flights, wearing tight jeans could be a bad idea.

When we fly, our bodies swell — and if you're wearing tight jeans, this can make your journey uncomfortable.

Wearing tight jeans or leggings can also make it more difficult for the blood to move around your legs. This could put you at risk of deep vein thrombosis — better known as a blood clot — if you spend a long time sitting down.

So what should you wear when you fly?

Many people agree that feeling comfortable is the most important thing.

But according to US Secretary of Transportation Sean Duffy, passengers shouldn't get too comfortable! In 2025, he said he would actually encourage people to dress "a little better" when flying, because it might encourage travelers to behave better when they're in the air.

"Let's try not to wear slippers and pajamas as we come to the airport," he said.

Perhaps we should all go back to the 1950s, when some male passengers flew in suits and ties, and women wore dresses, hats and gloves?

Though if we did, we'd also have to make sure those nice clothes aren't too tight!

 english      | chinese 
 ------------ | ------- 
 slippers | 拖鞋