---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 3 article
date: 2026-05-01 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Cost of Raising a Child in US is $300,000 — Study

Raising a child from birth to the age of 18 could cost the average family more than $300,000 in the US.

That's according to estimates made by the US company LendingTree.

The cost of having children is often one of the things that people worry about when they are planning a family.

LendingTree said that the cost of raising a child is only increasing.

It used data from a number of different sources to find out about the cost of things like child care, clothes, housing and food.

It also looked at the tax benefits that parents get from the government.

It estimated that the average annual cost of raising a child in the US is a little over $16,800.

This is an increase of more than $3,600 since 2023.

The first five years of a child's life are the most expensive, according to these estimates. LendingTree said the average annual cost during these years is a little more than $29,000.

That falls to about $12,000 per year for the next 13 years.

However, the estimates don't include the cost of university, which many families help their children with.

In parts of the world, people are choosing not to have children because of the high cost. Birth rates are falling in many countries, including the US.

LendingTree said that it's a good idea to start saving before you have a child. It added that people should make sure they get all the benefits they can from their workplace and from the government.

 english      | chinese 
 ------------ | ------- 
 raise | 增加
It estimated that the average annual cost of raising a child in the US is a little over $16,800.   | 它估计在美国抚养一个孩子的平均年成本略高于 16,800 美元。

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/cost-of-raising-a-child-in-us-is-300000-study/OU58OELjEfG7bh-aN0x8rg](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/cost-of-raising-a-child-in-us-is-300000-study/OU58OELjEfG7bh-aN0x8rg)

# Seoul Named World's 'Most Walkable City'

The South Korean capital of Seoul has been named the world's most walkable city by _Time Out_.

The website spoke to city residents all over the world and asked them how easy and safe it is to walk around where they live. The list was based on the highest percentage of people who said their city is either "amazing" or "good" for walkers.

In Seoul, this was 93% of residents.

Seoul is a really big place — by area it's Asia's 11th biggest city.

But although it's very big, residents say it's a good place to walk. That might be because of things like Seoullo 7017, an old highway overpass that the city turned into a public park and walkway.

For those who have a bit more energy, the 11-kilometer Cheonggyecheon Stream walkway links some of the city's busiest metro stations and popular areas.

The good thing about both these walkways is that they're away from the busy city traffic, which makes them safe places for pedestrians.

Edinburgh in Scotland came next in the _Time Out_ list. It's a much smaller city than Seoul, with cobbled streets and old buildings in its center.

Over 90% of residents surveyed said Edinburgh is good for walkers. The city also has lots of hills, which could also keep people fit!

New York was third in the list, while Copenhagen in Denmark was fourth. The rest of the top-10 most walkable cities are in Europe, apart from Singapore which came in eighth place.

Countries around the world are being encouraged to make their cities more walkable. Walking is great for health, and when more people walk, there are likely to be fewer cars on the roads, which is good for the planet.

 english      | chinese 
 ------------ | ------- 
overpass  | 桥梁
metro | 地铁
an old highway overpass that the city turned into a public park and walkway | 这座城市将一座旧的高速公路高架桥改造成了一个公共公园和步行道。
cobbled |  鹅卵石铺成的

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/seoul-named-worlds-most-walkable-city/XMvNqELbEfG9pBtCGqJh4w](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/seoul-named-worlds-most-walkable-city/XMvNqELbEfG9pBtCGqJh4w)