---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Haruki Murakami to Publish New Book in July
date: 2026-05-04 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Haruki Murakami to Publish New Book in July

Japanese writer Haruki Murakami has announced that he is releasing a new novel — and it's the first of his books to have a female main character.

_The Tale of KAHO_ will be released on July 3. It's Murakami's first new novel in three years. His previous novel, _The City and Its Uncertain Walls_, was released in April 2023.

The new novel is about a 26-year-old picture book writer named Kaho.

Kaho, who is described as having average looks and intelligence, is a curious person. One day, she has dinner with a man who tells her, "I've never seen one as ugly as you." Not angry but confused, curious Kaho tries to find out his hidden message. Soon, she starts encountering other bizarre things in her life.

The novel started out as a short story called _Kaho_, which Murakami shared at a book reading event two years ago at Waseda University, the university in Tokyo he studied at.

The short story was published in June 2024 in _Shincho_ magazine.

Murakami has since released three more _Kaho_ short stories in _Shincho_ magazine, with the last one published in March of this year. They include _The Anteater of Musashi-sakai_, _Kaho and the Termite Queen_, _Kaho and the Motorcycle Man, and Scarlett Johansson_.

The English version of the first piece, translated by Philip Gabriel, was published in _The New Yorker_ magazine in 2024.

In the new 352-page novel, Murakami brings the four parts together and gives them new life, his publisher said.

Murakami is one of Japan's most famous writers. His books have been translated into more than 50 languages, and he has won several prizes.

 english      | chinese 
 ------------ | ------- 
prizes | 奖品
character | 角色
encounter | 遭遇
bizarre | 怪异的

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/haruki-murakami-to-publish-new-book-in-july/aPwRgERyEfGIRCt7PT7o7Q](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/haruki-murakami-to-publish-new-book-in-july/aPwRgERyEfGIRCt7PT7o7Q)

