---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Japanese Chain Reduces Plastic Use as Prices Rise
date: 2026-05-29 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Japanese Chain Reduces Plastic Use as Prices Rise

At many Japanese supermarkets — and stores around the world — you will find a lot of foods wrapped in plastic.

However, plastic is made from oil, which has seen huge price increases because of the war in Iran.

Japanese news site _NHK_ said that plastic prices have risen by about 20%.

And now, the Japanese supermarket chain Ito-Yokado is changing the way it uses plastic.

_NHK_ said that Ito-Yokado usually sells some foods in individual containers, but instead it will ask customers to put a number of items in the same container.

It will also stop using plastic lids on some products, and use plastic kitchen wrap instead.

Hiroshi Doi from the company said that other ideas will also be considered. He said that the chain doesn't want its customers to pay higher prices because of the rising cost of plastic.

However, he said that the company may have to increase prices in future.

_NHK_ said that other companies are also thinking carefully about how they use plastic.

Before the war in Iran, many companies around the world were already trying to reduce the amount of plastic they use for environmental reasons.

In some countries, stores have been making customers pay for plastic bags for a number of years. Some governments have also banned shops from selling things like plastic straws, plates, knives and forks.

english      | chinese 
------------ | ------------
sells some foods in individual containers, | 一些食品用独立包装出售
plastic lids  | 塑料盖
plastic straws, plates, knives and forks. | 塑料吸管、盘子、刀叉