---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Japanese Prefecture to Pay People to Use Dating Apps
date: 2026-05-15 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Japanese Prefecture to Pay People to Use Dating Apps

Dating apps can be a great way to meet people. But they can also be tiring after a while, so some people might decide to stop using them.

If any of those people are in Japan's Kochi Prefecture, they might want to think again. Because the prefecture is offering to pay single people to use dating apps!

People aged 20 to 39 could receive up to 20,000 yen, or about $125, to pay for certain dating apps, including Tapple.

The prefecture has been working with Tapple to make online dating safer and more reliable for young people.

It's also hoped that making dating apps cheaper could encourage more young people in the prefecture to date and get married.

Kochi is one of Japan's least populous areas. Many young people leave the area to go work in larger cities like Tokyo. And like the rest of the country, the prefecture has had a declining birth rate for some time.

Dating apps are popular in Japan. A government survey in 2024 found that about 25% of married people under the age of 39 met their husband or wife through a dating app. That was higher than the percentage of people who met through school or work!

However, not everyone thinks what Kochi is doing is a good idea. Some have said there are bigger problems that make dating and marriage hard, like money, long working hours and the high cost of raising children.

And while this might help some people find each other, love isn't always as simple as an app!

english      | chinese 
 ------------ | -------
 reliable | 可靠的 
 decline  | 下降
 prefecture | 县

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/japanese-prefecture-to-pay-people-to-use-dating-apps/Hq3MHET_EfGkTVdkSE-iUA](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/japanese-prefecture-to-pay-people-to-use-dating-apps/Hq3MHET_EfGkTVdkSE-iUA)