---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 UK Survey Finds High Screen Use Among Babies
date: 2026-05-08 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# UK Survey Finds High Screen Use Among Babies

A new survey has found that almost one-third of very young babies in the UK watch screens for more than three hours per day.

Some babies also spend as much as eight hours a day watching screens.

The survey was commissioned by a group called the 1001 Critical Days Foundation. This number refers to the first 1,001 days of a child's life — from the start of pregnancy to the age of two.

Experts say this is the most critical period for a child's healthy development.

According to advice from the UK government, children under two should avoid screen time "other than for shared activities with family."

The government also says that children aged between two and five should have no more than one hour of screen time per day.

But the survey found that more than 70% of children under the age of two use screens. It also found that one in 10 babies often go to sleep with a screen.

The foundation also worked with researchers in the UK to study the possible effects of screen time on young children.

It said that screens in bedrooms are linked to shorter sleep and later bedtimes in young children, and that spending a lot of time using screens may affect children's communication skills.

The foundation said it is clear that screen use among young children is a problem. But it added that the answer is not "to blame or shame parents."

Instead, it said tech companies and governments need to do more to help children and parents.

The foundation also said that 85% of parents have had no advice about screen time from doctors or healthcare workers.

 english      | chinese 
 ------------ | ------- 
 critical | 关键
 blame | 责备
 Among Babies | 婴儿之间
 healthy development | 健康发育
 avoid | 避免
 
[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/uk-survey-finds-high-screen-use-among-babies/_iDCjkgxEfGmpqsHWclueg](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/uk-survey-finds-high-screen-use-among-babies/_iDCjkgxEfGmpqsHWclueg)