---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 How Diet and Sleep Affect Each Other — Study
date: 2026-05-19 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# How Diet and Sleep Affect Each Other — Study

Sometimes, all you want after a long day is to have a nice dinner and get a good night's sleep.

But according to a new study, what you have for dinner might actually affect how good that sleep is. And it could even affect your food choices the next day!

Researchers in Spain monitored the sleep and eating habits of obese adults for 14 days. The study was done under real-life conditions, so that the researchers could better understand how food and sleep affect each other in everyday life.

The study found that participants who had things like alcohol, red meat or fried foods for dinner had worse sleep.

Those who slept badly were also less likely to have a healthy breakfast the next day. Their breakfast was more likely to be high in calories and sugar.

Meals high in carbohydrates, olive oil and oily fish were linked to better sleep, which often led to healthier breakfast choices the next day.

The researchers said the study shows that dinner, sleep and breakfast could all be closely linked in daily life, and how small changes in one area may affect the others.

However, they also said the study could not prove direct cause and effect, and it only included adults with obesity. They added that the link between food and sleep may change depending on a person's health, sleeping habits and mealtimes.

Still, they said that these results could help people better understand obesity and develop healthier habits around eating and sleeping.

english      | chinese 
 ------------ | -------
obese | 肥胖
olive oil  | 橄榄油

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/how-diet-and-sleep-affect-each-other-study/jNSmLE9hEfGQRLPPVvzPdw](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/how-diet-and-sleep-affect-each-other-study/jNSmLE9hEfGQRLPPVvzPdw)