---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Japan's Convenience Stores Ready to Help After Disasters
date: 2026-05-21 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Japan's Convenience Stores Ready to Help After Disasters

What could be more convenient than a Japanese convenience store? Called _konbini_, they're easy to find and almost always open. If you're hungry, you can get something to eat there. Need something to read? Check out the _konbini'_s magazine section. Run out of cash? The _konbini_ has an ATM.

You can pay bills at the _konbini_, send packages, and usually you can use their toilets too.

But now Japan's convenience stores are taking on a new and more serious role — as disaster support centers.

Japan is particularly prone to natural disasters such as earthquakes, typhoons, floods and landslides. So convenience store chains like Lawson and Family Mart are beginning to prepare some of their stores to provide essential services during a time of emergency.

According to _Jiji Press_, Lawson renovated a store in Chiba prefecture earlier this year, adding solar panels and batteries so that if there is a disaster, people can come to the store and get free electricity and communications service.

The store can also provide drinking water if needed. And Lawson plans to create more "disaster support convenience stores" like this.

Family Mart, which has about 11,000 stores across the country, has plans to use electronic displays in its stores to provide emergency information and evacuation instructions before, during and after disasters. The company is also testing whether its mobile sales vehicles can be used for emergency communications.

Nobuo Fukuwa, a disaster management expert at Nagoya University, told _Jiji Press_ that keeping convenience stores open during a disaster is important because of the services they provide to the community. This is especially true in the countryside, where banks, post offices and local authority services have either disappeared or become much reduced in recent years.

"As a result," he said, "convenience stores have been left to address all kinds of local needs."

| english                                                  | chinese       |
| -------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| Japan is particularly prone to natural disasters         | 日本特别容易遭受自然灾害  |
| earthquakes, typhoons, floods and landslides             | 地震、台风、洪水和山体滑坡 |
| to provide essential services during a time of emergency | 在紧急情况下提供基本服务  |
| renovated a store                                        | 翻新了商店         |
| mobile sales vehicles                                    | 移动销售车辆        |
| This is especially true in the countryside               | 这种情况在乡村地区尤为如此 |

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/japans-convenience-stores-ready-to-help-after-disasters/dk4USlCAEfGNjhczHT6-2A](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/japans-convenience-stores-ready-to-help-after-disasters/dk4USlCAEfGNjhczHT6-2A)