---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Chinese Court Rules Against AI Layoffs
date: 2026-05-13 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Chinese Court Rules Against AI Layoffs

The growth of AI technology has led to concerns about how it could affect the global job market, as companies around the world choose computers over humans for some tasks.

However, a court in China has now ruled that employers may not fire a worker just because it would be cheaper to use AI.

The Hangzhou Intermediate People's Court ruled in favor of a worker at a technology company who was replaced by AI.

According to a file shared by the court, the worker — only identified by his surname, Zhou — joined the company in November 2022.

He worked as a quality supervisor for AI technology the company was already using, checking user queries and ensuring accurate responses by the AI. For this work, he was paid around $3,700 a month.

However, his work was then taken over by the AI models themselves, and the company tried to move Zhou to a lower-paid position with a salary of just around $2,200 a month. When he refused the demotion, the company ended Zhou's contract completely, citing organizational changes and reduced staffing needs.

He was offered around $45,000 in compensation, but looked for a higher amount through arbitration. The arbitration panel not only supported Zhou's request for higher compensation, but actually ruled that his dismissal was unlawful.

Unhappy with the result, the company tried taking the case to a district court and then to the Intermediate People's Court, losing in both.

The Hangzhou Intermediate People's Court found that replacing a worker with AI on the basis of cost was not a "material change in objective circumstances" that justified ending an employment contract — which is the legal standard usually applied for layoffs caused by things like mergers and acquisitions.

This wasn't the first such case or ruling in China, either. In 2024, the Guangzhou Intermediate People's Court also ruled against a company that fired a graphic designer and replaced them with AI.

 english      | chinese 
 ------------ | ------- 
led | 引领
compensation | 补偿
demotion | 降职
arbitration | 仲裁
panel | 小组
dismissal | 解雇

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/a-look-at-mothers-day-around-the-world/eiguPESYEfGjmNtK65G1Kw](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/a-look-at-mothers-day-around-the-world/eiguPESYEfGjmNtK65G1Kw)