---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 98% of Japan's Graduates Find Jobs
date: 2026-05-31 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# 98% of Japan's Graduates Find Jobs

For many university students, graduation can be stressful, especially when the time comes for them to look for a job.

But in Japan, most new graduates are finding work very quickly. In fact, 98% of graduating university students who wanted a job had already found one by the start of April of this year!

Japan's employment rate for new university graduates has been consistently high over the past few years. In 2025, it also stood at 98%, while in 2024 it was 98.1% — the highest since the government started collecting this data in 1997.

The employment rate for female graduates was slightly higher than that for male graduates — a difference of 1.2 percentage points.

Science graduates also saw a small increase in employment compared to last year, while humanities graduates saw a slight decline.

While many countries are struggling with unemployment, Japan's rate is among the lowest in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) — a group of 38 countries that includes much of Europe and North America, as well as places like Chile, Australia, South Korea and Japan.

The average unemployment rate in OECD countries is 5%, according to data published this May. Japan, South Korea, Mexico and Israel have the lowest rates — all below 3%. Spain and Finland have the highest rates of unemployment in the OECD, with both at around 10%.

Japan's low unemployment rate could be the result of the country's labor shortage, which it has been struggling with for years — mostly because of its aging population and declining birth rate.

A 2025 survey by _Reuters_ found that two-thirds of Japanese companies were being badly affected by a shortage of workers.

But while Japan's labor shortages may be creating problems for companies, for many new graduates, they may be creating opportunities.

english      | chinese 
------------ | ------------
consistently | 始终
many countries are struggling with unemployment | 许多国家正面临失业困境。

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/98-of-japans-graduates-find-jobs/YhtGglkTEfGq92-vEgIOAg](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/98-of-japans-graduates-find-jobs/YhtGglkTEfGq92-vEgIOAg)