---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 The Dangers of Sitting Down All Day
date: 2026-05-25 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# The Dangers of Sitting Down All Day

Many of us spend a large part of our day sitting down. This could be at a desk while we work or study, on a couch in front of the TV or behind the wheel of a car.

There is evidence, however, that spending too much time sitting down can have serious health risks.

The Mayo Clinic says that when researchers looked at 13 studies including a total of more than 1 million people, they found that sitting for more than eight hours a day with no physical activity had similar health risks to obesity and smoking.

Obesity itself is a risk that comes with spending too much time sitting down, just because you aren't moving your muscles and using energy.

One study found that men who spent an above-average amount of time sitting down were also more likely to gain weight around their middles — the most dangerous part of the body to store fat.

Too much time sitting is also bad news for your heart health. Another study found that men who spent more than 23 hours a week watching television — something that usually means not moving much — had a 64% higher risk of dying from heart disease compared to men who watched for less than 11 hours.

The good news is that there are lots of ways to make sure you sit less and move more.

You can try standing up while you do things you'd normally do while sitting, like talking on the phone. When you're watching TV, you can also get up and move around during commercials.

In the office, if you need to talk about something with a coworker, go over to their desk instead of calling them or sending an email. You could also take a walk during your lunch break.

english      | chinese 
 ------------ | -------
 This could be at a desk while we work or study, on a couch in front of the TV or behind the wheel of a car | 这可能发生在我们工作或学习时坐在书桌前，也可能发生在我们看电视时的沙发上，或者发生在我们开车时
 Many of us spend a large part of our day sitting down. | 我们很多人一天中大部分时间都是坐着的
 There is evidence | 有证据表明
 you can also get up and move around during commercials | 你也可以在广告时间起身走动。

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/the-dangers-of-sitting-down-all-day/-NwTTFBuEfGGRGuoAHiNWA](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/the-dangers-of-sitting-down-all-day/-NwTTFBuEfGGRGuoAHiNWA)