---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Many Gamers Feel Empty After Finishing a Game
date: 2026-05-22 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Many Gamers Feel Empty After Finishing a Game

You've spent hours fighting bad guys or exploring new worlds. Then, finally, you finish the game — and you feel a little empty.

If you've ever felt this way, you're not alone. According to new research, many people feel a sense of emptiness and sadness after finishing a game.

The researchers in Poland said this may happen because people become emotionally attached to a game's world, story and characters — and finishing the game can feel like saying goodbye to something important.

Their research included two studies.

In the first, they surveyed participants about their feelings after finishing a game that meant a lot to them emotionally. Most of the participants said they played video games every day or almost every day.

Based on these results, the researchers created a "Post-Game Depression Scale." It was based on things like thinking about the game after it ended, and feelings of sadness or emptiness because the story was over.

The scale also looked at whether players lost interest in other types of entertainment after finishing the game, and even how much they wanted to start the game again right away.

In the second study, the researchers used this scale on a different group of gamers.

In both studies, it was found that while most players did not lose interest in other forms of entertainment, many constantly thought about the game after they finished it.

It was also found that, compared to any other type of game, players were most likely to have strong feelings of sadness after finishing a role-playing game.

However, the researchers said they couldn't be sure if players who already had poor mental health were more likely to feel this way, or if these feelings caused poorer mental health. But they said more research could help to understand how these feelings can affect gamers.

english      | chinese 
 ------------ | -------
this may happen because people become emotionally attached to a game's world, |  这可能是因为人们对游戏世界产生了情感依恋，
it was found that while most players did not lose interest in other forms of entertainment |  研究发现，虽然大多数玩家并没有对其他娱乐形式失去兴趣，