---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Germany to Make It Harder for Workers to Call in Sick [可以复习]
date: 2026-07-13 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Germany to Make It Harder for Workers to Call in Sick

Workers in Germany may soon need to get a doctor's note before calling in sick.

German Chancellor Friedrich Merz said the goal of the new requirement is to reduce the number of sick days taken by workers.

At the moment, workers can simply call their boss to tell them that they're sick and unable to work.

They don't need to show proof that they're sick unless they've missed three days of work. After that, they need to get a note from their doctor if they need to miss a fourth day.

However, the government now wants workers to get a doctor's note from the first day of their sickness.

According to the German Economic Institute, German workers take an average of 14.8 sick days per year. That's more than many other European countries.

Merz said that reducing the number of sick days German workers take will help to boost the economy.

However, some experts say the new plan is a very bad idea.

Some have said that when people are sick with something like a stomach bug or a cold, they shouldn't be going to the doctor, where they could spread infection.

They should be at home, where they can get better.

These people will also make doctors busier just so that they can get a sick note. This would mean that people with other problems may find it more difficult to get an appointment.

However, Merz said he wants to get the plan through parliament by the end of the year.

english      | chinese 
------------ | ------- 
infection | 感染
parliament |  议会

https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/germany-to-make-it-harder-for-workers-to-call-in-sick/DtyOdHkPEfG-S7P34MQEwQ