---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Japanese City Announces Vacant Property Tax [可以复习]
date: 2026-07-17 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Japanese City Announces Vacant Property Tax

A city in Osaka prefecture is planning to introduce a new tax for vacant properties.

Members of the Neyagawa City Assembly all voted in favor of the new tax on July 9.

The tax will be 35% of the property tax value, where property tax is usually 1.4% of the value of the land and the building on it.

Jiji Press says this means owners of a vacant two-story house would probably have to pay about 25,000 yen, or around $150, in new taxes.

People will start having to pay the extra tax from 2029. It will be added to the property taxes they already pay.

This will be Japan's first city-wide tax on vacant properties — although Kyoto plans to introduce a similar tax in 2030 in some parts of the city.

Like many other parts of Japan, Neyagawa has an aging population. This has resulted in an increase in empty homes.

According to _YTV News_, there are about 6,400 homes in the city that aren't being lived in or rented.

And Neyagawa is only about 25 square kilometers, so building new homes isn't easy.

The city hopes the new property tax will encourage property owners to sell or rent their empty homes.

Neyagawa Mayor Keisuke Hirose also said the city hopes to attract new residents by making better use of these properties.

It's believed the tax could bring in up to 139 million yen — about $860,000 — for the city each year.

While some people agree that the new tax is needed, others are not very happy about it.

One person told _YTV News_ that even thinking about having to pay another tax is "overwhelming."

But another resident said the new tax is important, especially because some older homes already look like they could fall down, and nobody is taking care of them.

english      | chinese 
------------ | ------- 
vacant  | 空缺的
overwhelm | 不堪重负/难以应对
Announces Vacant Property Tax | 宣布空置房产税


[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/japanese-city-announces-vacant-property-tax/CNYMin7_EfGoe49eSwXgFA](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/japanese-city-announces-vacant-property-tax/CNYMin7_EfGoe49eSwXgFA)