---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Eating Eggs Linked to Lower Alzheimer's Risk [可以复习]
date: 2026-07-11 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Eating Eggs Linked to Lower Alzheimer's Risk

Eating eggs just a few times in a month could reduce our risk of developing Alzheimer's disease, according to a new study.

The research, which was partly funded by the American Egg Board, found that people who ate eggs one to three times a month had a 17% lower risk of developing Alzheimer's disease.

That's when compared to people who never or rarely ate eggs.

People who ate eggs two to four times per week had a 20% lower risk of developing Alzheimer's, and those who ate eggs five or more times a week had a 27% lower risk.

The study looked at the eating habits of almost 40,000 people over a period of around 15 years.

All of the participants lived in the US and did not have Alzheimer's at the start of the study. During the study period, about 2,800 people developed Alzheimer's — though those who ate more eggs were less likely to do so.

The researchers said eggs may be good for the brain because they contain a lot of a nutrient called choline, which helps with memory.

Eggs also contain certain fats that help the brain cells communicate with one another. And eggs give us vitamin B12, too, which helps to keep our brains healthy.

Experts usually say that the best ways to protect against Alzheimer's disease are to exercise and eat healthily.

The researchers said that while some of the research was funded by the American Egg Board, this did not affect their results.