---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Japanese University Offers 'Anime Peace Studies' Course [可以复习]
date: 2026-07-14 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Japanese University Offers 'Anime Peace Studies' Course

While anime may be known for epic fighting scenes in shows like _Dragon Ball Z_ and _Jujutsu Kaisen_, some of the most famous anime movies also work to promote peace, like _Howl's Moving Castle_ and _Grave of the Fireflies_.

And now, one university in Tokyo is hoping anime might help bring peace to the real world.

In April, Keio University launched a new "anime peace studies" course, with the aim of encouraging students to think and talk about how anime can help create a more peaceful planet.

The number of conflicts around the world is at its highest since World War II, according to a recent report by the Institute for Economics and Peace.

"There is no end to conflicts around the world," said Tatsuhiko Yamamoto, one of the Keio University professors in charge of the course.

He said this shows that we don't have the right tools to build peace, but that anime — which is loved around the world — could help.

The course is being supported by Netflix, and is made up of 14 lectures.

The course teaches students about the history of anime, how it has become popular around the world, and how it can encourage people to better understand each other.

It also looks at an anime series in which the line between good and evil is not always clear, helping students think about real-world conflicts in a more complex way.

Keio University also plans to release a textbook based on the course in the coming years and hopes to encourage other universities to teach similar classes.

english      | chinese 
------------ | ------- 
 epic | 史诗
 
  
[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/japanese-university-offers-anime-peace-studies-course/CnUVnnqMEfG6bc_36i_l_A](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/japanese-university-offers-anime-peace-studies-course/CnUVnnqMEfG6bc_36i_l_A)