---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Where in Japan Do People Walk the Most — And Why? [可以复习]
date: 2026-07-07 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Where in Japan Do People Walk the Most — And Why?

A lot of us like to know how many steps we take each day. Did you get to 10,000? Did you walk more than yesterday?

But according to a new study, in Japan at least, whether you hit your goals might depend on your postal code.

The study, published in _The Lancet_, looked at the average number of steps people took in 951 of Japan's municipalities.

The study used data from a smartphone app called Trima that tracked the steps of about 1.5 million people aged between 20 and 64.

The researchers compared this data with information about how walkable each municipality is. This is basically how safe and easy it is to walk to places you need to go in an area — like shops, cafes and public transport.

Unsurprisingly, the study found that people in Japan's most walkable municipalities were more likely to take more steps.

People in Toshima ward in Tokyo had the highest number of average steps per day at 7,750. In the city of Kobayashi, which is in Miyazaki prefecture, people took the lowest average number of steps at 4,026.

People in the cities of Tokyo and Osaka tended to walk more, while those in the east of Hokkaido, the north of Tohoku and the south of Kyushu tended to walk less.

However, the study also found that people who are less educated, and those with lower income, had a lower daily step count.

The researchers said this shows that walkability isn't the only factor when it comes to people's step count, but that more research needs to be done to understand these inequalities and find ways to address them.