---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Impact of Nichirei Cyberattack Hits KFC Japan [可以复习]
date: 2026-07-18 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Impact of Nichirei Cyberattack Hits KFC Japan

A cyberattack on frozen food giant Nichirei has caused major supply problems for businesses across the country.

The company, which is Japan's largest frozen food manufacturing and logistics firm, said on July 13 that it had experienced a cyberattack that caused its systems to fail.

The disruption has affected businesses that depend on Nichirei for food deliveries, including Kentucky Fried Chicken stores across the country.

On July 14, KFC Japan said that the cyberattack on Nichirei was making it difficult to get necessary food items, including chicken. The company warned of fewer menu items and shorter hours at some stores, and said that some stores would need to close temporarily. It also temporarily stopped delivery services, as well as orders through its app.

But KFC is far from the only company affected by the cyberattack on Nichirei, which operates around 140 logistics centers and 7,000 vehicles to provide around 5,000 business clients with frozen food supply, storage and delivery services.

Among the many retailers, delivery services and restaurant chains impacted are the Aeon supermarket chain and the Don Quijote discount goods chain.

The Kura Sushi restaurant chain has also experienced a shortage of sushi ingredients, and the food processing company Ezaki Glico has also been affected, causing a shortage of ice cream in western Japan.

Nichirei said that after taking necessary security measures, it would be able to begin a slow restart of operations on July 17. But it is not clear when it will be able to get its services fully back to normal.

The attack on Nichirei follows a series of cyberattacks on Japanese businesses. A cyberattack on the home and office goods supplier Askul last October caused product shortages at retail stores like Muji. And a cyberattack on the drinks company Asahi in September caused a beer shortage in some bars and restaurants.

english      | chinese 
------------ | -------
retailer |  零售商
disruption  | 中断
logistics  | 物流

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/impact-of-nichirei-cyberattack-hits-kfc-japan/j1SP4oDvEfGoV0th80uW2g](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/impact-of-nichirei-cyberattack-hits-kfc-japan/j1SP4oDvEfGoV0th80uW2g)