---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Exam Cheats with Smart Glasses a Growing Concern [可以复习]
date: 2026-07-08 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Exam Cheats with Smart Glasses a Growing Concern

In May of this year, two South Korean students were caught using AI-powered smart glasses to cheat in exams.

The students were taking the important Test of English for International Communication (TOEIC) exams. Shortly after the exam began, officials were made aware that these students appeared to be wearing smart glasses. But rather than disrupt the other test-takers, the students were investigated afterwards.

The cheating students had their results invalidated and are not allowed to take the test again for four years.

This was the first time that cases of cheating with smart glasses had been reported in the country. But experts think that other students have probably gotten away with it.

Around the world, examination officials are trying hard to stop this relatively new method of cheating.

The problem for invigilators is that it can be very difficult to tell the difference between a pair of ordinary glasses and a pair of smart glasses.

Smart glasses are also no longer very expensive: the most advanced models cost thousands of dollars, but others are available for less than $100, and prices are coming down all the time.

South Korean officials have been discussing next steps with the government and _The Straits Times_ said that exam invigilators are being trained to spot smart glasses.

In China, _CNN_ said that officials screened the glasses of all students before this year's college entry exams.

But as long as exams are so important for determining students' futures, there will always be those who try to find ways to use technology to cheat.

Zhang Jun, a university professor based in Hong Kong, told _CNN_ that educational institutions may need to change the way they teach and the way they test students.

english      | chinese 
------------ | ------- 
aware  | 意识到的
