---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Human Brain May Not Be Ready for Modern Life — Study [可以复习]
date: 2026-07-12 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Human Brain May Not Be Ready for Modern Life — Study

Study after study has shown that people are feeling more stressed and lonelier than ever before. But could these high levels of stress and loneliness be the fault of a modern world that our brains haven't evolved to deal with?

That's the idea suggested by a review published in _Behavioral Sciences_. The review looked at how modern stress, loneliness and the way people negatively compare themselves with others could be understood through an evolutionary lens.

Examining previous studies, researchers from James Cook University Singapore and the Singapore University of Technology and Design pointed to an idea called "evolutionary mismatch."

This happens when human instincts that originally developed in one kind of environment have to operate in a very different one.

According to the researchers, humans evolved in relatively small, close groups. Our ancestors learned to understand things like social status, belonging and trust through a limited group of familiar people and by reading their everyday face-to-face signals.

The instincts that developed in this environment now have to operate in very different contexts, like busy modern cities and social media platforms, often navigating unequal societies and high-pressure demands.

A key thing the review notes is how modern environments can make people feel that others are judging them or doing better than them. Social media in particular can trigger people to negatively compare themselves to others' carefully curated and unrealistic lifestyle content.

This heightened sense of competition could be one of the ways that evolutionary mismatch contributes to stress and generally poorer well-being.

The researchers aren't completely negative about the modern world, though. They note that modern technology — like medicine, water sanitation and electric heating — mean we can survive in parts of the world where our ancestors couldn't.

Even social media can have benefits, offering connection with others when more traditional ways of staying connected aren't available.

However, the findings could help us design a better modern world. The researchers say understanding where modern life conflicts with our instincts could help us create more supportive and less lonely cities and communities.

english      | chinese 
------------ | ------- 
evolve  | 进化
lens  | 镜头  ( the **lens** of a young soldier. 年轻士兵的视角) 
instinct |  本能/天性
trigger  | 触发
curate  | 策展