---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 People Like Insect Protein Bars if They Try Them — Study [可以复习]
date: 2026-07-15 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# People Like Insect Protein Bars if They Try Them — Study

Would you rather have a protein bar made from cereal — or from insects?

According to a new study, if you actually try one, you may find that you prefer the insect protein bar!

The study was done in Portugal, and included participants who had never tried insect-based food before.

The researchers first asked the participants what they knew about insect-based food, and how they felt about the idea of eating insects.

Almost half of participants already knew that insect-based foods were sold in Portugal — and 67% actually said they were curious to try them.

The participants were then given two different types of protein bars to eat. Both bars tasted like apple and cinnamon. But one bar was made with cereal, and the other was made with insect protein.

Participants were put in four groups, with some told the truth about which bar they were eating, while others were told they were eating the cereal protein bar when it was actually the insect protein bar.

The researchers also measured the participants' brain activity and heartbeats before, during and after the taste tests.

The brain and heart measurements showed stronger reactions when participants ate the insect protein bar. This happened even in groups that did not know when they were eating insects.

And when asked which was their favorite, most groups chose the insect bar!

The results of this study could be good news as researchers look for more sustainable sources of protein.

Insects need less land and water to grow than animals like cows and pigs, but getting people to try eating insects has long been a challenge.

But the researchers say that people may be more likely to accept insect-based food if they know more about it.

And looking at the study results, maybe tasting some will help too!

english      | chinese 
------------ | ------- 
Insect Protein Bars | 昆虫蛋白棒
rather have | 宁愿
cinnamon | 肉桂

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/people-like-insect-protein-bars-if-they-try-them-study/V6ONaHuvEfGrKbP1nrIRPw](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/people-like-insect-protein-bars-if-they-try-them-study/V6ONaHuvEfGrKbP1nrIRPw)