---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 How the World's Greatest Cities Got Their Nicknames [可以复习]
date: 2026-07-16 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# How the World's Greatest Cities Got Their Nicknames

When you think of the world's greatest cities, London, Paris and New York City probably come to mind. These much-loved cities also have famous nicknames. Do you know what they are and where they come from?

## London: The Big Smoke

"The Big Smoke" was a popular nickname used by visitors to London in the 19th and 20th centuries. As they traveled into the city, they saw it through smog caused by coal burning in factories and homes.

The smoke pollution got so bad that it killed thousands of people over five days in 1952 — an event that was called the Great Smog of London. It led to the government creating the Clean Air Act 1956, but even with cleaner air, the nickname stayed.

"The Big Smoke" can now also sometimes be used to refer to any large city.

## Paris: The City of Love

We can't be sure when people started calling Paris "The City of Love." But many people think of French as "the language of love," and books, music, movies and art all love to show us that Paris is where romance can be found.

Just think of films like _Midnight in Paris_, _French Kiss_ and Audrey Hepburn's _Love in the Afternoon_, or famous love songs like Édith Piaf's "La Vie en Rose," from her 1950 album _Chansons Parisiennes_ — or _Parisian Songs_.

## New York City: The Big Apple

The most famous nickname for New York City is probably "The Big Apple." It's believed to have become popular in the 1920s, when sports writer John J. Fitz Gerald started writing articles about horse racing called "Around the Big Apple" — a name he had heard stable workers use for the city's racecourses.

However, it wasn't until a tourism campaign in the 1970s that the nickname became really well known as a name for the whole city.

english      | chinese 
------------ | ------- 
smoke pollution | 烟雾污染
city's racecourses | 城市的赛马场

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/how-the-worlds-greatest-cities-got-their-nicknames/kvwAGM1gEeyal6spyz0dBw](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/how-the-worlds-greatest-cities-got-their-nicknames/kvwAGM1gEeyal6spyz0dBw)