---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Speeding Costs More, Saves Just 54 Seconds — Study
date: 2026-07-23 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Speeding Costs More, Saves Just 54 Seconds — Study

Driving above the speed limit uses more fuel, creates more carbon emissions and may only save us a few seconds of driving time each day, according to a new study.

And of course, it's dangerous and illegal too.

Researchers looked at 120 million vehicle trips taken across the US over four days in 2021.

They used models to estimate energy use and carbon emissions, and looked at both gas-powered vehicles and electric vehicles.

They found that more than 43% of the trips involved at least one instance of speeding, and drivers spent almost 12% of their time traveling above the speed limit.

Based on their results, the researchers estimate that drivers across the US could collectively save about $18 million in fuel costs every day if they obeyed speed limits.

That's enough to buy almost 23 million liters of gasoline!

In terms of carbon emissions, driving the speed limit could have the same effect as taking 5.5 million passenger vehicles off the road, the researchers said.

However, Rob Middleton, a researcher at the University of Michigan who wasn't involved in the study, said that while the numbers look big, they're only a fraction of gas consumption in the US, which is about 1.4 billion liters a day.

But here's perhaps the most interesting part: the researchers found that breaking the speed limit saves the average driver only about 54 seconds a day.

Is that really worth it?

english      | chinese 
------------ | -------
emission |  排放
obey  | 服从
fraction | 一个极小或较小的部分
consumption |  消耗
fuel | 燃料