---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 More People Are Using AI to Plan Trips
date: 2026-07-22 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# More People Are Using AI to Plan Trips

Not too long ago, the easiest way to plan a holiday was to go to a travel agency. More recently, travel websites and blogs meant people could do their planning at home.

And now? For many people, it starts with a prompt.

A recent survey by Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance found that 61% of Japanese adults use AI to plan trips.

Many said they use AI for help with their travel itineraries, and to get information about things like food and transport in the place they're going to visit.

The company said that AI is now taking the place of travel guidebooks when it comes to doing research for a trip.

And it's not just Japan that's seeing this trend. Travel company Abta asked people in the UK similar questions in an October 2025 survey. It found that one in five young adults said they use AI to help them plan their trips.

So what about the future of travel planning?

Writing for _FastCompany_, news and travel photographer Thomas Smith explained how he created an AI system to help plan his family's summer trips.

The system has a detailed understanding of each family member, and can look for restaurants, activities and attractions to suit them.

It can also balance the needs and interests of all the family members so that nobody gets too tired or bored while they're out and about.

Smith said the system was useful for finding unexpected places and creating more personalized recommendations.

However, he also found that AI does not always understand real-life situations well.

english      | chinese 
------------ | -------
 itineraries | 行程安排

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/more-people-are-using-ai-to-plan-trips/hW5Otn9iEfGBjLM0YX8GzQ](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/more-people-are-using-ai-to-plan-trips/hW5Otn9iEfGBjLM0YX8GzQ)