---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 98% of S. Korean Parents Want Smartphone Limits [可以复习]
date: 2026-07-10 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# 98% of S. Korean Parents Want Smartphone Limits

Almost all South Korean parents think that there should be restrictions on smartphone use for children.

That's according to a survey done by lawmaker Kim Young-ho from the Democratic Party of Korea.

About 52,000 parents of elementary, middle and high school children were surveyed. They all came from the areas of Seoul, Incheon and South Gyeongsang.

In total, 98.1% said they think that there should be some restrictions on smartphone use.

When asked about the negative effects of smartphones, parents noted that they increase the risk of children seeing harmful content online, affect schoolwork and cause family conflict.

The survey also found that over 92% of parents would be willing to let their children use an alternative device that came with restrictions instead of a smartphone.

Devices like these would let children do basic things like make calls, but they wouldn't be able to access harmful content.

Kim said that the survey shows parents know about the risks of smartphones, but feel that they have no choice but to provide their kids with one. He said that a restricted alternative device is the best solution to the problem.

Smartphone ownership among kids and teens in South Korea is very high. The Korea Information Society Development Institute found that almost 99% of those aged 10 to 19 have a smartphone.

Around the world, governments have been talking about ways to restrict social media and smartphone use for children.

The UK government recently announced a ban on social media for under 16s that will begin in the spring of 2027.

english      | chinese 
------------ | ------- 
harmful content | 有害内容