---
layout: post
title: 英文文章 Forget Detox Diets — Let the Body Detox Itself [可以复习]
date: 2026-07-06 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags:
  - language
---

# Forget Detox Diets — Let the Body Detox Itself

There is a lot of excitement around detox diets online. The idea is that they help to cleanse our bodies of toxins and make us feel healthier.

There are juice diets, in which people drink only fruit juice, or sometimes only water for a certain amount of time. Other detox diets encourage people to stop eating certain foods — perhaps all meats, or milk and cheese.

But doctors say that there is no scientific evidence to show that detox diets work — and some could even be bad for us.

In fact, experts say that our bodies are already very good at cleaning themselves. The best we can do is to help the body's natural processes along.

One way to do this is by making sure we get a good sleep each night.

Our brains cleanse themselves every night when fluid moves through the area around our brain cells, removing waste, the _BBC_ says.

Drinking water is important too, because it helps the liver and kidneys to flush out toxins. These two organs do a lot of the cleansing work for our bodies.

We should also make sure we're eating enough fiber, according to the _BBC_. Studies have shown that fiber can stick to toxins and help to remove them from the body.

Finally, keep moving! Exercise encourages blood to move to our organs, including the liver and kidneys, which makes them work better.

Keeping fit also helps to reduce fat, which is important because fat around the liver stops the organ working as well as it should.


english      | chinese 
------------ | ------- 
detox | 排毒
toxin | 毒素
cleanse | 净化
